   Terms of Service

   Effective 6 February 2025

   Welcome to Mistral AI! We provide technology and services that
   enable access to and use of Mistral AI’s artificial
   intelligence models. These Terms of Service (these “Terms”)
   govern your use of La Plateforme, Le Chat, and the other
   websites, products, services, and technologies we offer (the
   “Services”), except where we expressly state that other terms
   apply (we refer to those other terms as “Additional Terms”).

   The Services are provided by Mistral AI, a French limited
   joint-stock corporation, incorporated in Paris, under number
   952 418 325, having its registered offices at 15 rue des
   Halles, 75001 Paris, France ("Mistral AI" or "us").

   We encourage you to read and understand these Terms because by
   clicking on “I agree” (or any similar button or checkbox) at
   the time you sign up for a Service or by accessing or using any
   of the Services, you are agreeing to these Terms (including all
   applicable Additional Terms), which constitute an agreement
   between you and Mistral AI.

1. Accessing the Services

   Age requirements. You must be at least thirteen (13) years old
   to use the Services. You must have parental or legal guardian
   permission if you are a minor creating a Mistral AI account. We
   will delete any Mistral AI found to violate these requirements.

   Mistral AI accounts. Some Services require a Mistral AI
   account. You must provide complete and accurate account
   information and promptly update your account if any of your
   information changes. Your account is intended for your
   individual use only and you may not share your account with any
   other person. You are responsible for any activities conducted
   through your account, including activities of any end user
   provisioned with an account under your account (“End User
   Account”), whether or not those activities were actually
   conducted by you. You may not make account access credentials
   available to third parties, share individual login credentials
   between multiple users on an account, or resell or lease access
   to your account or any End User Account. You must promptly
   notify us at [13]support@mistral.ai or through the [14]Help
   Center in the event you detect any unauthorized or fraudulent
   access or use of your account.

   Admin accounts. If you have an admin account, you will have
   access to additional features, such as (a) adding authorized
   users to your workspace either by invitation or automatically,
   through the domain of their email address, (b) managing
   accounts within your workspace, and (c) managing features for
   the authorized users of your workspace.

2. Using the Services

   Our Services. We grant you a non-exclusive right to access and
   use the Services only in compliance with these Terms, any
   applicable Additional Terms, all applicable laws and
   regulations, and any other documentation, guidelines, or
   policies we make available to you, including our [15]Usage
   Policy. Certain Services are only available if you have a paid
   subscription. Some Services may be subject to certain
   restrictions, such as formatting or size restrictions, or rate
   limits. Any such restrictions can be found in the applicable
   documentation or on our platform. The different subscription
   plans applicable to the Services are described on our platform.

   Restrictions. We own all right, title, and interest in and to
   the Services. You only receive rights to use the Services as
   explicitly granted in these Terms and any applicable Additional
   Terms. You will not, and will not permit any other person to:

   (a) Use the Services or Your Data in a manner that violates any
   applicable laws (including trade laws, and sanctions and export
   control laws), these Terms (including any Additional Terms), or
   any of our policies;

   (b) Use the Services or Your Data in a manner that infringes,
   misappropriates, or otherwise violates any third party’s
   rights, including intentionally using the Services to generate
   Outputs that infringe third party rights; (c) Send us any
   personal information of children under 13 or the applicable age
   of digital consent or allow minors to use the Services without
   consent from their parent or guardian;

   (d) Reverse assemble, reverse compile, decompile, translate,
   engage in model extraction or stealing attacks, or otherwise
   attempt to discover the source code or underlying components of
   the Services, algorithms, and systems of the Services (except
   to the extent these restrictions are contrary to applicable
   law);

   (e) Use the Output or any modified version of the Output to
   reverse engineer the Services;

   (f) Compromise the security or proper functionality of the
   Services, including interfering with, circumventing, or
   bypassing security or moderation mechanisms in the Services or
   performing any vulnerability, penetration, or similar testing
   of the Services;

   (g) Use any method to extract any content from the Services
   other than as permitted through the Services;or

   (h) Buy, sell, or transfer API keys or Service accounts from,
   to or with a third party.

   Third-Party Services. You may connect services provided by
   third-parties (the "Third-Party Services") to our Services. By
   enabling these connections, you grant our Services permission
   to access the Third-Party Services and retrieve the necessary
   data to use as Inputs to generate Outputs. You warrant and
   represent that you have all necessary rights, licenses, and
   permissions to connect these Third-Party Services with our
   Services. The use of Third-Party Services is subject to their
   respective terms and conditions, and you are solely responsible
   for complying with these terms. We are not liable for any
   disruptions, data loss, or issues arising from your use of
   Third-Party Services. You acknowledge and agree that Third
   Party Services are not Services and, accordingly, we are not
   responsible for them.

3. Your Data

   Your Data. You and your authorized users may provide input to
   the Services, such as prompts or fine-tuning data (“Input”),
   and receive output from the Services based on such Input
   (“Output”). We refer to Input and Output collectively as “Your
   Data”. For clarity, any third-party content displayed on Le
   Chat to help you understand the Output, such as hyperlinks,
   snippets or thumbnails, for which you are only granted a right
   to view and read (the “Third-Party Content”) do not constitute
   Output. To the extent permitted by applicable law, you (i)
   retain all ownership rights in Input and (ii) own all Output.
   We assign to you all right, title, and interest, if any, in and
   to Output that we may have.

   Responsibility for Your Data. You are responsible for all Input
   and represent and warrant that you have all rights, licenses,
   and permissions required to provide Input to the Services. You
   are solely responsible for all use of the Outputs and
   evaluating the Output for accuracy and appropriateness for your
   use case. You must also not represent that the Output was
   generated by a human when it was generated by the Services. We
   may also provide Output filters for certain Services. If you
   deactivate these filters, you are solely responsible for the
   Output that is generated.

   How we use Your Data. We use and store Your Data in accordance
   with the Additional Terms for the applicable Service and our
   [16]Privacy Policy.

   Similarity of Output. Due to the nature of the Services, your
   Output may be similar or identical to the response generated
   for another user of the Services. We provide no guarantees that
   your Output will be unique. Any responses generated for other
   users by the Service are not considered your Output even if
   similar or identical to your Output.

   Illegal content. You have the availability to report to us any
   of Your Data or Third-Party Content that violate our [17]Usage
   Policy or (a) incites hate, violence, or discrimination against
   individuals based on their origin, ethnicity, religion, gender,
   sexual orientation, etc., (b) glorifies sexual harassment, (c)
   violates human dignity (e.g., human trafficking or pimping),
   (d) glorifies crimes against humanity or denying their
   existence, (e) incites terrorism, (f) glorifies very serious
   crimes against individuals (e.g., murder or sexual assault),
   (g) glorifies crimes involving theft, extortion, or material
   damage posing a danger to individuals, (h) constitute child
   abuse sexual material, or (i) are dangerous for minors. You can
   report such content by using the report feature on the Services
   and/or by sending an email at [18]support@mistral.ai. You grant
   us the right to access the reported content to improve the
   Services (e.g., to help us make sure that the Services do not
   generate such illegal content again). This right is granted
   worldwide and for the duration of the intellectual property
   rights under applicable law. Where applicable, you must delete
   such content using the applicable feature on the Services.

4. Warranties; Disclaimer

   Our Warranties. We warrant that, when used in accordance with
   these Terms and the applicable Additional Terms, the Services
   will conform in all material respects with the documentation we
   provide to you or otherwise make publicly available.

   Your Warranties. You warrant that (a) you have the authority to
   enter into and accept these Terms and (b) you and your
   authorized users (if any) will use the Services in accordance
   with the applicable laws and regulations and these Terms.

   Disclaimer. EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTIES IN THIS SECTION 4
   (WARRANTIES; DISCLAIMER), THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND
   WE AND OUR AFFILIATES AND LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES,
   EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
   MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND TITLE,
   NONINFRINGEMENT, OR QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING
   OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR TRADE USAGE. WE MAKE NO
   REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES (I) THAT USE OF THE SERVICES WILL
   BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR FREE, SECURE, OR BE SUITABLE FOR YOUR
   SPECIFIC PURPOSES OR USE-CASES, (II) THAT DEFECTS WILL BE
   CORRECTED, OR (III) THAT YOUR DATA WILL BE ACCURATE.

5. Indemnification

   By you. You will indemnify, defend, and hold us and our
   affiliates, service providers, and licensors harmless against
   any liabilities, damages, and costs (including reasonable
   attorneys’ fees) payable to a third party arising out of a
   third party claim related to (i) the use of the Services in
   violation of these Terms (including violation of applicable
   Additional Terms or our policies), (ii) any of your products or
   services that you make available to end-users in connection
   with the Services or Outputs (“Your Offerings”) (if any), or
   (iii) Your Data.

   By us. We will indemnify and defend you for any damages finally
   awarded by a court of competent jurisdiction and any settlement
   amounts payable to a third party arising out of a third party
   claim alleging that the Services infringe any third party
   intellectual property right. This excludes claims to the extent
   arising from: (i) combination of any Services with products,
   services, or software not provided by us or on our behalf
   (including Your Offerings), (ii) fine-tuning, customization, or
   modification of the Services by any party other than us, (iii)
   the Input, including any training or fine-tuning data you
   provide to us, (iv) your modification of the Output, (v) your
   failure to comply with these Terms (including applicable
   Additional Terms) or applicable laws, regulations, or industry
   standards, (vi) your use of the Services or Your Data in a
   manner that you knew, or reasonably should have known, was
   likely to violate third party rights or applicable laws or
   regulations, (vii) Your Offerings (if the claim would not have
   arisen but for Your Offerings), or (viii) any Services made
   available to you for beta testing purposes.

   Indemnification Procedure. The indemnification obligations this
   Section 5 (Indemnification) are subject to the indemnifying
   party (i) receiving a prompt written notice of such claim from
   the party seeking indemnification; (ii) having sole control of
   defense and settlement of the claim (provided that the party
   seeking indemnification may participate in its own defense at
   its sole expense), and (iii) the party seeking indemnification
   providing all reasonable necessary cooperation and assistance,
   including preserving and sharing relevant information. The
   indemnifying party cannot enter into any settlement or
   compromise of any claim without prior written consent of the
   other party, which will not be unreasonably withheld, except
   that the indemnifying party may without consent enter into any
   settlement of a claim that resolves the claim without liability
   to the other party, impairment to any of the other party’s
   rights, or requiring the other party to make any admission of
   liability.

   Remedies. The remedies in this Section 5 (Indemnification) are
   the sole and exclusive remedies for any third-party claim that
   the Services or Your Data infringe intellectual property
   rights.

6. Liability

   Limitation of Liability. NEITHER WE NOR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES,
   EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, LICENSORS, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, OR
   SERVICE PROVIDERS WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
   SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING DAMAGES
   FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, OR DATA OR OTHER LOSSES,
   EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
   DAMAGES. OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER THESE TERMS AND ANY
   APPLICABLE ADDITIONAL TERMS WILL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF THE
   AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THE SERVICE THAT GAVE RISE TO THE CLAIM
   DURING THE 12 MONTHS BEFORE THE LIABILITY AROSE OR 100 EUROS.
   THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION 6 (LIABILITY) APPLY ONLY TO THE
   MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

7. Term, Suspension, and Termination

   Term. These Terms will commence on the earlier of (i) the date
   you first use the Services or (ii) the date you accept these
   Terms, and will continue until terminated.

   Termination or suspension. We reserve the right to suspend or
   terminate your account and/or your access to all or part of the
   Services if: (i) you breach these Terms (including any
   applicable Additional Terms) or our policies (including our
   [19]Usage Policy), (ii) you fail to pay any fees when due
   (iii), we need to do so in order to comply with applicable law,
   or (iv) your continued use of the Services could cause risk or
   harm to Mistral AI, our users, or anyone else. If you believe
   we have suspended or terminated your account in error, you can
   file an appeal with us by contacting us via
   [20]support@mistral.ai.

   Requests to terminate. You can delete your account at any time
   by using the feature available on your account or, if
   unavailable, via our Help Center accessible on your account.

   Effects of termination. Termination or expiration will not
   affect any rights or obligations, including the payment of
   amounts due, which have accrued under these Terms (or any
   applicable Additional Terms) up to the date of termination or
   expiration. Upon termination or expiration of these Terms, the
   provisions of these Terms (or any applicable Additional Terms)
   that are intended by their nature to survive termination will
   survive and continue in full force and effect in accordance
   with their terms, including confidentiality obligations,
   payment obligations, limitations of liability, and disclaimers.

8. Privacy

   Privacy Policy. We process your personal data as data
   controller for the purposes of (a) providing the Services
   (unless you are using our Services on behalf of your business)
   and (b) managing your relationship with us in accordance with
   these Terms, including any billing, payment, or marketing
   activities. For clarity, our [21]Privacy Policy explains how we
   collect and use personal information.

   Processing personal data. If you use the Services to process
   personal data on behalf of your business you must (a) provide
   legally adequate privacy notices and obtain necessary consents
   for the processing of personal data by the Services, (b)
   process personal data in accordance with applicable law, and
   (c) execute our [22]Data Processing Agreement.

9. Changes to these Terms or the Services

   Updates to these Terms. We may update these Terms, the
   Additional Terms, our [23]Usage Policy or our Services
   (including our models) from time to time. Some reasons why we
   might make changes to these Terms or the Services include: (a)
   Changes that we make to the Services, including to introduce
   new features or functionality or improve Service quality. (b)
   Changes to the law or regulatory requirements that apply to us
   or the Services;or (c) Security or safety reasons.

   Notice. We will give you at least 30 days advance notice of
   changes to these Terms (including any applicable Additional
   Terms) that materially adversely impact you either via email or
   an in-product notification. All other changes will be effective
   as soon as we post them. If you do not agree to the changes,
   you must stop using our Services.

10. General

   Assignment. You may not assign or transfer any rights or
   obligations under these Terms and any attempt to do so will be
   void. We may assign our rights or obligations under these Terms
   to any affiliate, subsidiary, or successor in interest of any
   business associated with our Services.

   Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable to the other for
   any delay or failure to perform any obligation under these
   Terms (except for a failure to pay fees) if such delay or
   failure is due to unforeseen events beyond the reasonable
   control of such party.

   Independent Contractors. There is no relationship of
   partnership, joint venture, employment, franchise or agency
   created between the parties under these Terms. Neither party
   will have the power to bind the other or incur obligations on
   the other party’s behalf without the other party’s prior
   written consent.

   No Third-Party Rights. There are no third-party beneficiaries
   to these Terms.

   Waivers. No waiver of any term of these Terms will be deemed a
   further or continuing waiver of such term or of any other term,
   and our failure to assert any right or provision under these
   Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

   Entire Agreement; severability. Unless otherwise agreed in
   writing between you and Mistral AI, these Terms, including our
   [24]Usage Policy and any applicable Additional Terms,
   constitute the entire agreement between you and us concerning
   the Services. Any statements or comments made between you and
   any of our employees or representatives are expressly excluded
   from these Terms and will not apply to you or us, or to your
   access to or use of the Services. If any provision of these
   Terms is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction,
   the invalidity of such provision will not affect the validity
   of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which will remain
   in full force and effect.

   Governing law and venue.

   (a) Unless you are located in the United States, the laws of
   France will govern all disputes arising out of or relating to
   these Terms (including any applicable Additional Terms), or
   related Services, regardless of conflict of laws rules. These
   disputes will be resolved exclusively in the courts located in
   Paris, France, and you and Mistral AI consent to personal
   jurisdiction in those courts.

   (b) If you are located in the United States, California law
   will govern all disputes arising out of or relating to these
   Terms (including any applicable Additional Terms), or related
   Services, regardless of conflict of laws rules. These disputes
   will be resolved exclusively in the federal or state courts of
   Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and Mistral AI
   consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts.

   Conflicts with Additional Terms. If these Terms conflict with
   any Additional Terms, the Additional Terms will govern for the
   applicable Service.

   Support. Support for the Services is provided through the
   [25]Help Center.

   Additional Terms for consumers

   Effective 6 February 2025

   These Additional Terms apply to any natural person residing in
   the European Union who is accessing or using the Services for
   purposes which are outside his trade, business, craft or
   profession (“Consumer”).

   If you are a Consumer, the following terms apply to your use of
   the Services: (a) these Additional Terms for consumers residing
   in the European Union, (b) any applicable Additional Terms for
   the specific Service you are using, (c) our [26]Usage Policy,
   and (d) the [27]Terms of Service.

1. Cancellation of paid Services

1.1 Cancellation right

   You have the right to cancel your subscription within fourteen
   (14) days from the date of your subscription (the “Cancellation
   Period”). After this Cancellation Period, your right to cancel
   will no longer apply. To exercise your right to cancel within
   the Cancellation Period, you must notify us of your decision to
   cancel before such period expires. You can do this by canceling
   your subscription directly through your account settings and
   reaching out to us at [28]support@mistral.ai.

1.2 Model cancellation form

   If you wish to cancel your subscription, you can use the
   following form:

   To: Mistral AI, French limited joint-stock company, having its
   registered offices at 15 rue des Halles, 75001 Paris.

   Subject: Cancellation Request

   I hereby give notice that I cancel my contract for the
   provision of the following services [to be completed] ordered
   on [date].

   First Name: Last Name: Email address used to process the order:
   Signature: Date:

2. Updates

2.1 Updates

   In this Section 2 (Updates), “Updates” refers to any updates or
   modifications aimed at maintaining, adapting, or evolving the
   functionalities of the Services, including security updates,
   whether or not these updates are necessary to maintain the
   compliance of the services.

2.2 Updates necessary to maintain the compliance of the Services

   We will inform you of any Updates necessary to maintain the
   compliance of the Services during the Term. We will notify you
   of the availability of Updates and the consequences of their
   non-installation for you. We shall not be held liable for any
   non-compliance related issues when you fail to install, within
   a reasonable timeframe, the necessary Updates to maintain the
   Services’ compliance.

2.3 Updates not necessary to maintain the compliance of the Services

   We may propose Updates that are not necessary to maintain the
   compliance of the Services. In such cases, we will inform you
   of such Updates and their implementation date. You can refuse
   or de-install the Update if such Update has a negative impact
   on your access or use to our Services.

3. Legal warranty

3.1 Legal warranty

   Along with any commercial warranty provided under these Terms
   or the applicable Additional Terms, Consumers residing in
   France also benefit from the following legal warranty:

   “Le consommateur a droit à la mise en œuvre de la garantie
   légale de conformité en cas d’apparition d’un défaut de
   conformité durant la période de la fourniture du contenu
   numérique ou du service numérique. Durant ce délai, le
   consommateur n’est tenu d’établir que l’existence du défaut de
   conformité et non la date d’apparition de celui-ci. La garantie
   légale de conformité emporte obligation de fournir toutes les
   mises à jour nécessaires au maintien de la conformité du
   contenu numérique ou du service numérique durant la durée
   d’enregistrement du compte du consommateur sur la plateforme.
   La garantie légale de conformité donne au consommateur droit à
   la mise en conformité du contenu numérique ou du service
   numérique sans retard injustifié suivant sa demande, sans frais
   et sans inconvénient majeur pour lui. Le consommateur peut
   obtenir une réduction du prix en conservant le contenu
   numérique ou le service numérique, ou il peut mettre fin au
   contrat en se faisant rembourser intégralement contre
   renoncement au contenu numérique ou au service numérique, si :
    1. Le professionnel refuse de mettre le contenu numérique ou
       le service numérique en conformité ;
    2. La mise en conformité du contenu numérique ou du service
       numérique est retardée de manière injustifiée ;
    3. La mise en conformité du contenu numérique ou du service
       numérique ne peut intervenir sans frais imposés au
       consommateur ;
    4. La mise en conformité du contenu numérique ou du service
       numérique occasionne un inconvénient majeur pour le
       consommateur ;
    5. La non-conformité du contenu numérique ou du service
       numérique persiste en dépit de la tentative de mise en
       conformité du professionnel restée infructueuse.

   Le consommateur a également droit à une réduction du prix ou à
   la résolution du contrat lorsque le défaut de conformité est si
   grave qu’il justifie que la réduction du prix ou la résolution
   du contrat soit immédiate. Le consommateur n’est alors pas tenu
   de demander la mise en conformité du contenu numérique ou du
   service numérique au préalable. Dans les cas où le défaut de
   conformité est mineur, le consommateur n’a droit à l’annulation
   du contrat que si le contrat ne prévoit pas le paiement d’un
   prix. Toute période d’indisponibilité du contenu numérique ou
   du service numérique en vue de sa remise en conformité suspend
   la garantie qui restait à courir jusqu’à la fourniture du
   contenu numérique ou du service numérique de nouveau conforme.
   Ces droits résultent de l’application des articles L. 224-25-1
   à L. 224-25-31 du code de la consommation. Le professionnel qui
   fait obstacle de mauvaise foi à la mise en œuvre de la garantie
   légale de conformité encourt une amende civile d’un montant
   maximal de 300 000 euros, qui peut être porté jusqu’à 10 % du
   chiffre d’affaires moyen annuel (article L. 242-18-1 du code de
   la consommation). Le consommateur bénéficie également de la
   garantie légale des vices cachés en application des articles
   1641 à 1649 du code civil, pendant une durée de deux ans à
   compter de la découverte du défaut. Cette garantie donne droit
   à une réduction de prix si le contenu numérique ou le service
   numérique est conservé, ou à un remboursement intégral contre
   renonciation au contenu numérique ou au service numérique."

4. Dispute resolution

   If you are a consumer residing within the European Union, you
   have the right to start a mediation process in case of a
   dispute.

   To this end, you may contact:
     * Our mediation service, the CMAP, by mail at Centre de
       Médiation et d’Arbitrage de Paris, 39 avenue Franklin D.
       Roosevelt, 75008 PARIS or by email at cmap@cmap.fr.
     * Or the european platform for the online settlement of
       disputes accessible at the following address:
       [29]https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/main/index.cfm?e

   You agree that the mediation process is not mandatory and that
   either party may withdraw from such mediation process at any
   time.


   Additional Terms for Paid services

   Effective 6 February 2025

   Your payment for any Services is subject to our Terms of
   Service and these Additional Terms for paid Services.

   Payment. To pay for any Services, you must provide complete and
   accurate billing information, including a valid payment method.
   For paid subscriptions, we will automatically charge your
   payment method on each agreed-upon periodic renewal until you
   cancel. You’re responsible for all applicable taxes, and we’ll
   charge tax when required. If your payment cannot be completed,
   we may downgrade your account or suspend your access to our
   Services until payment is received.

   Cancellation. You can cancel your paid subscription at any time
   via your account or the Help Center. Payments are
   non-refundable, except where required by law or otherwise
   stated in these Additional Terms. These Additional Terms do not
   override any mandatory local laws regarding your cancellation
   rights.

   Termination. You may terminate your account at any time by
   using the features available on the platform or, if
   unavailable, by contacting us through the Help Center. Prior to
   the termination of your account, you must pay all outstanding
   fees, including any unpaid invoices and other charges incurred
   up to the termination date.

   Changes. We may change our prices from time to time. If we
   increase our subscription prices, we will give you at least 30
   days’ notice and any price increase will take effect on your
   next renewal so that you can cancel if you do not agree to the
   price increase.

   Additional Terms for La Plateforme

   Effective as of February 6 2025

   La Plateforme is our platform available
   at [30]http://console.mistral.ai, that allows you to use and
   fine-tune our models through our APIs (the “APIs”), build and
   deploy agents using our models, and access a range of other
   complimentary services (“La Plateforme”).

   Your use of La Plateforme is subject to our Terms of Service
   and these Additional Terms for La Plateforme.

1. Using our APIs

1.1 General provisions

   Permitted Use. You, and any of your authorized users, may only
   use our APIs (i) for your own personal or internal business
   needs and (ii) to incorporate them in Your Offerings, in
   accordance with the Terms of Service, these Additional Terms
   and the applicable documentation.

   API Key. We will provide you with a confidential API key (the
   “API Key”) to enable you to access our APIs. You must use your
   API Key in accordance with our documentation. You may not share
   your API Key with any third party without our prior written
   permission. Upon termination of your account, you must
   immediately delete your API Key.

   API call limitations. We may limit the number of API calls you
   can make within a specific period. Any such limits may be based
   on factors including the expected usage volume for Your
   Offerings.

   Third party services. Our APIs are compatible with the third
   party services listed on La Plateforme. To use a third party
   service, you must follow the instructions provided on La
   Plateforme. You acknowledge that we do not provide such third
   party services and are not responsible for any loss, damage, or
   claim arising out of or in relation with your use of a third
   party service on La Plateforme.

   Rate limits. Your use of our APIs is subject to the rate limits
   specified on La Plateforme. If you reach these limits, your
   access to the Services will be temporarily suspended until the
   limits reset or you upgrade your subscription.

1.2 Using our Fine-Tuning API

   The Fine-Tuning API. Our fine-tuning API allows you to
   fine-tune our models on La Plateforme using Your Data (the
   “Fine-Tuning API”). Upon completion of a fine-tuning job, you
   can use the fine-tuned model (the “Fine-Tuned Model”) on La
   Plateforme. For the avoidance of doubt, the Fine-Tuned Model
   does not constitute an Output. You are solely responsible for
   the fine-tuning process and the Input you used to fine-tune our
   models. We are not responsible for the performance of the
   Fine-Tuned Model or its Outputs. Your rights to access or use
   the Fine-Tuned Model will cease upon termination of your
   account. You can delete the Fine-Tuned Model from La Plateforme
   at any time.

   Confidentiality. We will not use the Fine-Tuned Model except to
   provide it to you under these Terms. We will not disclose or
   distribute the Fine-Tuned Model to third parties without your
   consent, except for authorized transfers to our cloud-provider
   distributors.

2. Creating an agent

   Agent creation. You can create an agent either through our
   Fine-Tuning API or through the agent builder feature on La
   Plateforme by following the instructions given on La
   Plateforme. Your rights to access or use your agent will cease
   after the termination of your account.

   Sharing. You can share your agent with your authorized users in
   your workspace via our API or Le Chat, subject to your
   subscription plan. Any use of your agent on Le Chat is governed
   by the Additional Terms for Le Chat. By default, agents are
   shared with all of the authorized users in your workspace. You
   must set specific permissions to restrict access to your agents
   to specific authorized users.

   Confidentiality. We will not use your agent except to provide
   it to you under these Terms. We will not disclose or distribute
   your agent to third parties without your consent.

   Your responsibility. You are responsible for the creation and
   performance of your agent. Specifically, you must ensure that
   the name of your agent complies with applicable laws and the
   rights of third parties.

   Deletion of your agent. You can delete your agent from La
   Plateforme at any time.

3. Your Data

   Free Services. If you are using La Plateforme without a paid
   subscription, we use Your Data to (a) provide the Services,
   including to generate an Output based on your Input and to
   fine-tune a model with your Input, (b) monitor abuse, and (c)
   improve, enhance, or train our models or the Services. You
   grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable
   license to use Your Data for these purposes for the duration of
   your subscription to La Plateforme, except for the use of Your
   Data for training purposes where the license will continue for
   the applicable duration of the intellectual property rights.

   Paid Services. If you are using La Plateforme under a paid
   subscription, we only use Your Data to (a) provide the
   Services, including to generate an Output based on your Input
   and fine-tune a model with your Input, and (b) monitor abuse.
   You grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free,
   irrevocable license to use Your Data for these purposes for the
   duration of your paid subscription on La Plateforme. For
   clarity, we do not use Your Data to improve, enhance, or train
   our models or the Services or for any other purpose than to
   provide the Services and to monitor abuse.

   Zero data retention. Customers with legitimate reasons can
   request zero data retention. With this option, your Input and
   Output are processed only as long as necessary to generate the
   Output and are not retained further, except as required by law.
   To activate zero data retention, you must submit your request
   via our Help Center (available on your account) or
   [31]support@mistral.ai. As part of this request, you must
   provide sufficient detail of your legitimate reasons for
   requesting zero data retention. We will review your request
   and, at our discretion, approve or deny the request.

   Additional Terms for Le Chat

   Effective 6 February 2025

   Le Chat is our chat interface that allows you to interact with
   our Services, including your agents. The features available on
   Le Chat and the applicable rate limits depend on your
   subscription plan. The available subscription plans are
   described on [32]our platform. Your use of Le Chat is subject
   to our Terms of Service and these Additional Terms for Le Chat.

1. Using Le Chat

   Permitted Use. You, and any of your authorized users, may only
   use Le Chat for your own personal purposes or your own internal
   business needs.

   Restrictions. You may not integrate or combine Le Chat with
   Your Offerings or any other software, hardware, or other
   technology, nor grant any third party access to Le Chat without
   our prior written authorization.

   Availability of Services on Le Chat. Certain Services are
   available on Le Chat depending on your subscription plan.
   Subscription plans are detailed on our platform.

   Deactivation of Services. You can deactivate certain Services
   from Le Chat by using the feature available on your account or
   your workspace.

   Rate Limits. Any use of Le Chat or any third party services
   that may be made available on Le Chat may be subject to the
   rate limits specified in the applicable documentation or our
   platform. If you reach these rate limits, your access to or use
   of Le Chat or the applicable third party service will be
   temporarily restricted or suspended until the rate limits reset
   or, if applicable, you subscribe to a subscription plan with a
   higher rate limit.

   Sharing Conversation Links. Le Chat provides you with the
   ability to share unique links to conversations you have with Le
   Chat with others (each a “Conversation Link”). Conversations
   that are viewable via a Conversation Link will not include (a)
   your Mistral AI username (unless you expressly include it in
   the conversation), (b) any addition you make to the
   conversation after sharing it, or (c) any other conversation
   you may have with Le Chat. Anyone with the Conversation Link
   will be able to view your conversation, including any person
   with whom your intended recipient shares the Conversation Link.
   We do not monitor or control who accesses your conversations
   via Conversation Links that you create. As such, it is your
   responsibility to ensure that there is no information you are
   not comfortable sharing before sharing the Conversation Link,
   including personal information, confidential information,
   sensitive business information, or trade secrets.

   Media Customers. In this section, “Media Customer” means any
   entity that disseminates information for editorial purposes on
   a regular basis and in a professional capacity, whether to the
   general public or to professionals, even if such activity is
   conducted by a specific department within the entity and
   constitutes only a part of its overall business activities. If
   You are a Media Customer, You are not authorized to use the
   news feature, such as the AFP news feature, on Le Chat for
   editorial use, and any use by You of such news feature may be
   automatically blocked. If you are a Media Customer and wish to
   use the news feature for editorial purposes, you must contact
   Mistral AI at [33]legal@mistral.ai. Any unauthorized use of the
   news feature by a Media Customer will result in the immediate
   suspension of such Media Customer’s account.

2. Your Data

   How we use Your Data. How we use Your Data depends on your
   subscription plan:

   (a) If you use Le Chat Free, Le Chat Pro or Le Chat Student, we
   may use Your Data to train our artificial intelligence models,
   unless you opt-out of training by using the settings in your
   Mistral AI Account. You can opt-out at any moment by using the
   settings in your Mistral AI Account.

   (b) If you use other paid plans such as Le Chat Team, we only
   use Your Data to provide the Services and we do not use Your
   Data to train our artificial intelligence models, unless you
   opt-in through your account settings.

   (c) In any case, if you provide Feedback to us by using the
   "thumbs up" or "thumbs down" buttons on Le Chat, we will use
   your Feedback and the associated Input and Output to improve
   the behavior of our artificial intelligence models. If you do
   not want us to use your Feedback to improve the behavior of our
   artificial intelligence models, please do not share your
   Feedback with us.

   Permission to use Your Data. You grant us a non-exclusive,
   worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable license to use Your Data
   (a) to provide the Services you signed up for and for the
   duration of your subscription to Le Chat, and (b) to train our
   artificial intelligence models, for the duration of the
   applicable intellectual property rights in Your Data, unless
   (i) you have opted-out of training by using the settings in
   your Mistral AI Account or (ii) you use Le Chat Team and have
   not authorized us to use Your Data for training.

   Permission to Use Your Feedback. When you click “Thumbs Up” or
   “Thumbs Down” to rate an Output Data, your Input, your Output,
   and the rating you provide constitute your “Feedback”. You
   grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, and
   irrevocable license to use your Feedback to improve the
   behavior of our artificial intelligence models for the duration
   of the applicable intellectual property rights in your
   Feedback. If you do not wish for us to use your Feedback to
   improve our models, you should not provide us with your
   Feedback.

   Output restrictions. You may not use: (a) image Outputs to
   develop or train any competing image-generation service and (b)
   Outputs generated using our web-search feature to (i) copy,
   store, archive, cache or create a database of the Outputs, (ii)
   redistribute, resell, or sublicense the Outputs, (iii) as part
   of any machine learning or similar algorithmic activity, or
   (iv) to create, train, evaluate or improve Your Offerings.

   Third-Party Content. When you use our web-search or news tools
   on Le Chat, you may receive (a) your Output, and (b)
   Third-Party Content in the form of additional resources such as
   hyperlinks, thumbnails, or snippets from third-parties to help
   you further explore or understand the Output. Such Third-Party
   Content does not constitute Your Data and you shall have no
   right to this Third-Party Content, other than viewing and
   reading it on Le Chat. For clarity, we do not use the
   Third-Party Content you provide in Your Input

   Moderation. We reserve the right to monitor your use of Le Chat
   through automated means, in accordance with our [34]Usage
   Policy. This monitoring is conducted to ensure compliance with
   our terms and policies, and to maintain the security and
   integrity of our Services.

   Data Processing Agreement

   Effective 6 February 2025

   This data processing agreement (the “Data Processing Agreement”
   or the “DPA”) is entered into by and between you (the
   “Customer” or “you”) and Mistral AI as of the Effective Date.
   This DPA only applies if Customer is a business entity and uses
   the Services to process personal data on behalf of its
   business.

1. Definitions

   For the purposes of this Data Processing Agreement:

   (a) “Agreement” means the service agreement (including the
   Terms of Service and any applicable Additional Terms) entered
   into by and between the Parties, governing the provision of the
   Services by Mistral AI to the Customer. The DPA is hereby
   incorporated to the Agreement by reference.

   (b) “Applicable Data Protection Law” means any applicable
   national, federal, EU, state, provincial or other privacy, data
   security, or data protection law or regulation, including, to
   the extent applicable, Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European
   Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 applicable since
   25 May 2018 (the “GDPR”).

   (c) “Authorized Purpose” means the authorized purpose for the
   Processing as set out in Exhibit 1.

   (d) “Customer Data” means (i) the input provided by Customer,
   Customer’s authorized users or Customer’s end-users (the
   “Input”), (ii) the output generated by the Services (the
   “Output”), and (iii) the feedback (if any) provided by Customer
   to evaluate the output generated by the Services by using the
   thumbs up or thumbs down feature on Le Chat (the “Feedback”).

   (e) “International Data Transfer” means any transfer of
   Personal Data to a Restricted Country.

   (f) “Processing” means the processing of Personal Data
   described in Exhibit 1.

   (g) “Restricted Country” means any country located outside of
   the European Economic Area (EEA) and that does not benefit from
   an adequacy decision from the European Commission.

   (h) “SCC” means the clauses annexed to the EU Commission
   Implementing Decision 2021/914 of June 4, 2021 on standard
   contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to third
   countries pursuant to the GDPR.

   (i) “Services” means the services provided by Mistral AI to the
   Customer under the Agreement.

   (j) “Subprocessor” means any Processor appointed by Mistral AI
   to carry-out all or part of the Processing on behalf of the
   Customer.

   The terms “Controller”, “Processor”, “Data Subjects”, “Personal
   Data”, “Personal Data Breach”, and “Supervisory Authority” as
   used in this Agreement will have the meanings in the Applicable
   Data Protection Law. The capitalized terms not defined herein
   shall have the meaning given in the Agreement.

2. Role of the Parties and description of the Processing

2.1 Role of the Parties

   Customer is the Controller of the Processing. Mistral AI
   processes the Personal Data on behalf of Customer, as
   Processor, to provide the Services to Customer, solely for the
   Authorized Purpose.

2.2 Description of the Processing

   A description of the Processing is available in Exhibit 1 of
   this DPA. Mistral AI may update the description of the
   Processing from time to time to reflect new Services, features,
   functionalities or Subprocessors.

2.3 Mistral AI as Controller

   If Customer uses the Services under an unpaid subscription, or
   if Customer uses the Services under a paid subscription and has
   not opted-out of training through the features on its account,
   Customer authorizes Mistral AI to process the Personal Data,
   including Feedback, as Controller for the purpose of training,
   improving or enhancing its Services, including its artificial
   intelligence models. If Customer uses the paid Services and if
   such paid Services are not opted-out by default, Customer can
   opt-out of the training at any time by using the applicable
   setting on its account.

3. General obligations of the Parties

3.1 Mutual obligations of the Parties

   Each Party shall comply with their respective obligations under
   the Applicable Data Protection Law and shall not, by any act or
   omission, cause the other to be in breach of any such
   obligations under the Applicable Data Protection Law.

3.2 Obligations of Mistral AI

   Mistral AI shall:
     * Process the Personal Data only (a) in accordance with the
       documented lawful instructions of Customer as set forth in
       this DPA, and (b) for no purpose other than the Authorized
       Purpose, unless required to do so by the applicable laws.
       In such a case, Mistral AI shall promptly inform Customer
       of such legal requirement, unless prohibited to do so by
       applicable law and/or on important grounds of public
       interest,
     * Promptly inform Customer if, in its opinion, Customer’s
       instructions regarding the Processing infringe the
       Applicable Data Protection Law. In such an event, Mistral
       AI is entitled to refuse to perform the Processing that it
       believes to be in violation of the Applicable Data
       Protection Law,
     * Ensure that any person Mistral AI authorizes to process
       Personal Data (including Mistral AI team members and the
       Subprocessors), is subject to a duty of confidentiality,
       whether by contract or statutory, and must not allow any
       person to process Personal Data who is not under such
       confidentiality obligations, and
     * Taking into account the nature of the Processing and the
       information available to Mistral AI, upon Customer’s
       written request and to the extent that is (a) commercially
       reasonable and (b) required by the Applicable Data
       Protection Law, provide Customer with reasonable and timely
       assistance (i) in the event of an investigation from a
       Supervisory Authority related to the Processing, (ii) to
       conduct a data protection impact assessment, (iii) in case
       of a prior consultation with a Supervisory Authority, (iv)
       to allow Customer to comply with its obligations under
       Article 32 of the GDPR, always subject to confidentiality
       and trade secrets, and (v) to contribute to the audits
       performed by Customer under Section 9 of this DPA.

3.3 Obligations of Customer

   Customer shall:
     * Comply with its obligations under the Applicable Data
       Protection Law regarding the Processing and any instruction
       provided to Mistral AI,
     * Provide notice and obtain all consents and rights required
       by the Applicable Data Protection Law for Mistral AI to
       process Personal Data as part of the Processing, under this
       DPA.

4. Data Subjects

4.1 Customer responsibility

   Customer shall (a) provide Data Subjects with the information
   required by the Applicable Data Protection Law and (b) respond
   to all Data Subjects requests to exercise their rights
   regarding the Processing.

4.2 Assistance

   Taking into account the nature of the Processing and upon
   Customer’s request, Mistral AI shall provide Customer with
   commercially reasonable assistance to enable Customer to
   respond to requests from Data Subjects to exercise their
   rights.

4.3 Requests sent to Mistral AI

   In the event that any Data Subject request is made directly to
   Mistral AI, Mistral AI will not respond to such request
   directly without the Customer’s prior consent, unless required
   to do so by applicable law. Instead, Mistral AI will transfer
   that request to Customer who will then be solely responsible to
   respond to such request. If Mistral AI is legally required to
   respond to the Data Subjects’ request, Mistral AI will promptly
   notify the Customer of such legal requirement and provide it
   with a copy of the request unless prohibited to do so by
   applicable law.

5. Security

5.1 Security measures

   Taking into account the state of the art, the costs of
   implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of
   Processing, as well as the risk of varying likelihood and
   severity for the rights and freedoms of natural persons,
   Mistral AI shall implement and maintain appropriate technical
   and organizational measures to protect Personal Data from any
   Personal Data Breach and to preserve the security and
   confidentiality of the Personal Data. The security measures
   implemented by Mistral AI under this DPA are listed in Exhibit
   2 of this DPA. Customer acknowledges that such security
   measures are subject to technical progress and development and
   that Mistral AI may update them from time to time, provided
   that such updates do not materially decrease the overall
   security of the Processing.

5.2 Customer responsibility

   Mistral AI’s security obligations under this DPA apply without
   prejudice to Customer’s own security obligations under the
   Applicable Data Protection Law.

6. Personal Data Breach

6.1 Notification

   Taking into account the nature of the Processing and the
   information available to Mistral AI, Mistral AI shall notify
   Customer of any Personal Data Breach without undue delay and
   where feasible after becoming aware of such Personal Data
   Breach. Mistral AI’s notification of or response to a Personal
   Data Breach in accordance with this Section 6 (Personal Data
   Breach) shall not be construed as an acknowledgment by Mistral
   AI of any fault or liability with respect to the Personal Data
   Breach.

6.2 Notification content

   This notification shall include:
     * The name and contact details of Mistral AI’s point of
       contact point where more information can be obtained,
     * The nature of the Personal Data Breach, including but not
       limited to the categories and number of Data Subjects and
       Personal Data concerned by the Personal Data Breach,
     * A description of the measures Customer could take to
       mitigate the possible adverse effects of the Personal Data
       Breach and to prevent from another potential Personal Data
       Breach,
     * The likely consequences of the Personal Data Breach, and
     * The measures proposed or taken by Mistral AI following the
       Personal Data Breach, including to prevent from any new
       occurrence.

6.3 Customer responsibility

   Customer is solely responsible for notifying the Personal Data
   Breach to the Supervisory Authority and/or to the Data
   Subjects.

6.4 Assistance

   Upon Customer’s written request, taking into account the nature
   of the Processing and the information available to Mistral AI,
   Mistral AI shall provide the Customer with commercially
   reasonable assistance with respect to Customer’s compliance
   with its obligation to communicate the Personal Data Breach to
   Data Subjects, when required by the Applicable Data Protection
   Laws. If necessary, Mistral AI shall provide Customer with
   commercially reasonable and timely assistance to mitigate or
   remediate the Personal Data Breach.

7. Subprocessing

7.1 General authorization

   Customer provides a prior and general authorization allowing
   Mistral AI to appoint any Subprocessors to assist Mistral AI in
   the provision of the Services and in the Processing, in
   accordance with the terms of this DPA. This authorisation is
   subject to the following:
     * Mistral AI will maintain an up-to-date list of its
       Subprocessors on Mistral AI’s website, including in the
       online version of Exhibit 1 of this DPA,
     * Mistral AI will notify Customer of any addition or
       replacement of a Subprocessor to this list in accordance
       with this Section 7 (Subprocessing),
     * Mistral AI will enter into a written agreement with each
       Subprocessor imposing data protection terms that require
       the Subprocessor to protect the Personal Data to the same
       standards provided by this DPA, and
     * Mistral AI will remain liable to Customer if such
       Subprocessor fails to fulfill its data protection
       obligations with regard to the relevant Processing
       activities under the DPA.

7.2 Notification

   Mistral AI will provide reasonable notice to the Customer of
   any changes to the list of Subprocessors prior to engaging such
   Subprocessor. The Customer may object in writing to Mistral
   AI’s appointment of a new Subprocessor within ten (10) days of
   such notice, provided that such objection is based on
   reasonable grounds relating to the Applicable Data Protection
   Law, otherwise such new Subprocessor will be deemed approved.
   If Customer provides observations during this ten (10) days
   period, the parties will consult and negotiate in good faith to
   find a mutually acceptable resolution to address any objections
   raised by Customer.

8. Transfers of Personal Data to a Restricted Country

8.1 General authorization

   Customer authorized Mistral AI to transfer Personal Data to any
   country deemed to have an adequate level of data protection by
   the European Commission. Customer also authorizes Mistral AI to
   perform International Data Transfers to (a) on the basis of
   adequate safeguards in accordance with Applicable Data
   Protection Laws, or (b) pursuant to the SCCs.

8.2 Customer located in a Restricted Country

   This Section only applies if Customer is located in a
   Restricted Country. By accepting this DPA, Mistral AI and
   Customer conclude Module 4 (Processor-to-Controller) of the
   SCCs which applies to any International Data Transfer conducted
   by Mistral AI acting as a Data Processor and is hereby
   incorporated and completed as follows:
     * The “data exporter” is Mistral AI and the “data importer”
       is the Customer;
     * The optional docking clause in Clause 7 is implemented; the
       optional redress clause in Clause 11(a) is struck;
     * The governing law in Clause 17 is the law of France;
     * The courts in Clause 18(b) are the Courts of France; and
     * Annex I and II to the Module 4 of the SCCs are Exhibit 1
       and 2 to this DPA respectively.

9. Audit

9.1 Document audit

   Upon Customer’s written request, Mistral AI will make available
   all documents and information to demonstrate that the
   Processing carried-out by Mistral AI complies with this DPA in
   a timely manner, to the extent that is commercially reasonable
   and required by the Applicable Data Protection Laws, subject to
   confidentiality and trade secrets.

9.2 Onsite audit

   Only to the extent Customer cannot reasonably be satisfied with
   Mistral AI’s compliance with this DPA through the exercise of
   the audit set out in Section 9 (Audit) of this DPA, Customer
   may conduct up to one (1) audit per year to verify Mistral AI’s
   compliance with this DPA, under the conditions defined below:
     * This audit must be conducted with reasonable advance
       written notice of at least ninety (90) calendar days,
     * This audit shall be carried out by an independent auditor
       selected jointly by the Parties for its expertise,
       independence and impartiality and which is, in any event,
       not a direct or indirect competitor of the Mistral AI,
     * The selected auditor shall be bound by a confidentiality
       agreement and/or by professional secrecy,
     * This audit shall be conducted during Mistral AI’s regular
       business hours,
     * This audit shall restrict its findings to only information
       and/or Personal Data relevant to Customer,
     * The audit shall not unreasonably impair or slow down the
       Services offered by Mistral AI or affect the organizational
       management of the Mistral AI,
     * Mistral AI will contribute to the audit upon Customer’s
       request and to the extent that is commercially reasonable,
     * An identical copy of the audit report shall be given to
       both Parties following the completion of the audit. Each
       Party may make observations regarding the audit report,
     * The costs of this audit shall be borne exclusively by
       Customer.

10. Return or destruction of Personal Data

10.1 Return or destruction

   After the end of the provision of the Services, Mistral AI will
   delete or return to Customer all Personal Data processed on
   Customer’s behalf, in accordance with Mistral AI’s deletion
   policies and procedures. Customer acknowledges that the
   Personal Data will no longer be accessible upon the expiry of a
   thirty (30) days period following the termination of the
   Customer’s access to and use of the Services.

11. General

11.1 Term

   This DPA shall commence on the effective date of the Agreement
   and will continue for the duration of the Agreement.

11.2 Incorporation and conflict

   The Data Processing Addendum (DPA) is incorporated in the
   Agreement by reference and forms an integral part of the
   Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of
   the DPA and this Agreement, the terms of the DPA shall prevail
   to the extent of such conflict.

11.3 Liability

   The liability of each party and each party’s affiliates under
   this DPA is subject to the exclusions and limitations of
   liability set out in the Agreement.

EXHIBIT 1 - Description of the Processing

   Mistral AI may update the description of the Processing from
   time to time to reflect new Services, features, functionalities
   or Subprocessors.

1 La Plateforme

1.1 List of the Parties

     * Controller: Customer
     * Controller’s privacy contact: email address associated with
       Customer’s account on the Mistral AI platform
     * Processor: Mistral AI
     * Processor privacy contact: [35]privacy@mistral.ai

1.2 Description of the Processing

   Categories of Data Subjects:
     * Customer;
     * Customer’s authorized users;
     * Customer’s end-users;
     * Any other natural person whose Personal Data is included in
       the Customer Data.

   Categories of Personal Data:
     * Customer’s and Customer’s authorized users’ account data,
       such as professional contact details, name of the
       organization or Mistral AI user ID or workspace ID;
     * Customer’s API Key (if any);
     * Any Personal Data included in the Customer Data;
     * Any Personal Data associated with a support request made by
       Customer or Customer’s authorized users, such as Customer’s
       or Customer’s authorized users’ name, email address, or any
       other personal data included within the request.

   Special categories of Personal Data:
     * None. Customer does not process sensitive data under this
       DPA. In case Customer wishes to process sensitive data,
       Customer shall contact Mistral AI by email at
       [36]privacy@mistral.ai

   Frequency of the Processing:
     * On a continuous basis.

   Nature of the Processing:
     * The Personal Data will be processed as described in this
       DPA.

   Authorized Purposes:
     * The provision of the Services associated with La
       Plateforme, including:
          + Managing the Customer’s and Customer’s authorized
            users’ accounts;
          + Generation of Output based on Input;
          + Fine-tuning Models with Customer’s Input,
          + Agent creation based on Customer’s Input, and
          + Processing Customer’s support requests.
     * When Customer does not have a paid subscription:
       de-identifying the Personal Data included in Your Data for
       the purpose of training or improving the Models on such
       de-identified data.

   Duration of the Processing:
     * The term of this DPA.

   Retention Periods:
     * Customer Data:
          + The Input and Output are stored for the duration of
            the generation of the Outputs. Mistral AI retains the
            Inputs and Outputs for thirty (30) rolling days to
            monitor abuse as a Data Controller, unless zero data
            retention is activated. In such a case, the Input and
            Output are stored for the duration of generating the
            Output and then deleted.
          + If Customer uses the Fine-Tuning API, the Input
            (including fine-tuning data) is stored for the
            duration of the fine-tuning job and until the deletion
            of the Input by Customer on the Services.
     * Account data:
          + For the duration of the registration of the Customer
            and Customer’s authorized users and for 1 year from
            the termination of such registration.
     * Customer support data:
          + For the duration necessary to process Customer’s
            request and for five (5) additional years for
            evidential purposes.

1.3 Subprocessors

     * Azure:
          + Purpose: Cloud Infrastructure.
          + Data location: Sweden.
     * Cerebras:
          + Purpose: Cloud infrastructure. The Personal Data is
            encrypted and zero data retention is activated (data
            is retained solely for the duration of processing the
            request).
          + Data location: United States.
          + Opt-in: By default, Customer Data is not processed by
            Cerebras. Customer Data is only processed by Cerebras
            if Customer opts-in.

     * Google Cloud Platform (only if you use the US API):
          + Purpose: Cloud Infrastructure only for the US API.
          + Data location: United States.
     * Intercom:
          + Purpose: Customer support management.
          + Data location: United States.

2 Le Chat

2.1 List of the Parties

     * Controller: Customer
     * Controller’s privacy contact: email address associated with
       Customer’s account on the Mistral AI platform
     * Processor: Mistral AI
     * Processor privacy contact: [37]privacy@mistral.ai

2.2 Description of the Processing

   Categories of Data Subjects:
     * Customer;
     * Customer’s authorized users;
     * Customer’s end-users;
     * Any other natural person whose Personal Data is included in
       the Customer Data.

   Categories of Personal Data:
     * Customer’s and Customer’s authorized users’ account data,
       such as professional contact details, name of the
       organization or Mistral AI user ID or workspace ID;
     * Any Personal Data included in the Customer Data or in the
       Third-Party Content;
     * Any Personal Data associated with a support request made by
       Customer or Customer’s authorized users, such as Customer’s
       or Customer’s authorized users’ name, email address, or any
       other personal data included within the request.

   Special categories of Personal Data:
     * None. Customer does not process sensitive data under this
       DPA. In case Customer wishes to process sensitive data,
       Customer shall contact Mistral AI by email at
       [38]privacy@mistral.ai.

   Frequency of the Processing:
     * On a continuous basis.

   Nature of the Processing:
     * The Personal Data will be processed as described in this
       DPA.

   Authorized Purposes:
     * The provision of the Services associated with Le Chat,
       including:
          + Managing the Customer’s and Customer’s authorized
            users’ accounts;
          + Generation of Output based on Input;
          + Displaying Input, Output and Third-Party Content
            history on Le Chat;
          + Managing Customer’s or Customer’s authorized users’
            shared conversations;
          + Agent creation based on Customer’s Input;
          + Processing Customer’s support requests.
     * When Customer uses an unpaid subscription or when Customer
       uses Le Chat Pro and has not opted-out of the training:
       de-identifying the Personal Data included by Customer in
       the User Data for the purpose of training or improving the
       models or the Services on such de-identified data. If
       Customer uses other paid subscriptions such as Le Chat Team
       or Le Chat Enterprise, Mistral AI will not use the Customer
       Data for training purposes, unless Customer authorizes
       Mistral AI to do so by activating such option on its
       account.

   Duration of the Processing:
     * The term of this DPA.

   Retention Periods:
     * Customer Data:
          + The Customer Data is stored until its deletion by
            Customer or Customer’s authorized users.
     * Account data:
          + For the duration of the registration of the Customer
            and Customer’s authorized users and for 1 year from
            the termination of such registration.
     * Customer support data:
          + For the duration necessary to process Customer’s
            request and for five (5) additional years for
            evidential purposes.

2.3 Authorized Recipients

   Sub-processors:
     * Azure:
          + Purpose: Cloud Infrastructure.
          + Data location: Sweden.
     * Black Forest Labs:
          + Purpose: Image generation.
          + Data location: United States.
          + Opt-out: Customer can opt-out of Black Forest Labs at
            any time by using the settings in Customer’s account.
     * Brave:
          + Purpose: Websearch.
          + Data location: United States.
          + Opt-out: Customer can opt-out of using Brave at any
            time by using the settings in Customer’s account.
     * Cerebras:
          + Purpose: Cloud infrastructure. The Personal Data is
            encrypted and zero data retention is activated (data
            is retained solely for the duration of processing the
            request).
          + Data location: United States.
          + Opt-out: Customer can opt-out of using Cerebra's at
            any time by using the settings in Customer’s account
            (deactivating flash answers).
     * E2B:
          + Purpose: provide the code interpreter feature on Le
            Chat.
          + Data location: EEA.
     * Google Cloud Platform:
          + Purpose: Cloud Infrastructure.
          + Data location: Ireland, United States.

3 Providing Support Services through Partners

3.1 List of the Parties

     * Controller: Customer
     * Controller’s privacy contact: email address provided to the
       Partner (as defined in the Partner-Hosted Deployment Terms)
     * Processor: Mistral AI
     * Processor privacy contact: [39]privacy@mistral.ai

3.2 Description of the Processing

   Categories of Data Subjects:
     * Customer;
     * Customer’s authorized users;
     * Any person whose Personal Data is included in Customer’s
       support request.

   Categories of Personal Data:
     * Professional contact details, such as name and professional
       email address;
     * Any Personal Data included in Customer’s or Customer’s
       authorized user’s support request.

   Special categories of Personal Data:
     * None.

   Frequency of the Processing:
     * On a continuous basis.

   Nature of the Processing:
     * The Personal Data will be processed as described in this
       DPA and the Partner-Hosted Deployment Terms.

   Authorized Purposes:
     * The provision of support services when Customer uses the
       Services through a Partner.

   Duration of the Processing:
     * The term of this DPA.

   Retention Periods:
     * Customer Support:
          + For the duration necessary to process Customer’s
            request and for five (5) additional years for
            evidential purposes.

3.3 Authorized recipients

   Sub-processors:
     * Intercom: Support management. The Personal Data are stored
       in the United States.

   Third-Parties:
     * The Partner.

EXHIBIT 2 - Technical and organizational measures

   The technical and organizational measures implemented by
   Mistral AI are listed in Mistral AI’s trust center available at
   [40]https://trust.mistral.ai/.

   Mistral AI may update these measures at any time, subject to
   Section 5 (Security) of the DPA.

   Privacy Policy

   Effective 6 February 2025 - [41]French Version/Version
   Française

   Welcome to Mistral AI!

   We know that your privacy is important, and we're committed to
   protecting it. This Privacy Policy explains, in a clear and
   simple way, how we collect, use, and protect your personal data
   when you use our generative AI services ("Services").

1. Who collects your data?

1.1. Mistral AI as data controller

   Mistral AI is the data controller. This means that Mistral AI
   is the entity that decides how and why your personal data is
   collected and used.

   Who we are. Mistral AI is a French company incorporated in
   Paris, under number 952 418 325, having its registered offices
   at 15 rue des Halles, 75001 Paris (“We”, “Us” or “Mistral AI”).

   How to contact us:

   By using the contact form available here
   https://mistral.ai/en/contact in the section “data and privacy”
     * By using the contact form available [42]here in the section
       “Data and privacy”
     * Through our Help Center available via your Mistral AI
       Account
     * By mail: Mistral AI, 15 rue des Halles, 75001 Paris,
       France.

1.2. Mistral AI as data processor

   Mistral AI is your data processor. If you use our Services to
   process personal data on behalf of your business, you are the
   data controller, and Mistral AI is the data processor. This
   means that you decide how and why the personal data is
   processed, and we process such data on your behalf and
   according to your instructions to provide you with the
   Services.

   Scope of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy only covers
   the processing activities we carry out as a data controller. It
   does not apply to the processing activities we carry out as a
   data processor on your behalf, which are governed by our Data
   Processing Agreement.

2. What data do we collect?

2.1. Data you provide directly to us

   Identity, account and contact data:
     * When you create your account on our platform to use our
       Services;
     * When you subscribe to our newsletter.

   Payment and billing information:
     * When you subscribe to our paid Services.

   Data you provide when you use the Services: We collect Input
   and Feedback when you use the Services.
     * Input. This is the input you provide to the Services to
       generate an Output, such as your prompts or your
       fine-tuning data.
     * Feedback. This is the ratings or comments you choose to
       provide on the Output.

2.2. Personal data generated by your use of our Services

   When you use the Services, we automatically collect the
   following information:
     * Security logs;
     * Technical information such as, for instance, your IP
       address ;
     * Output. This is the content generated by the Services based
       on your Input. If you include personal data in Your Input,
       then such personal data may be included in the Output.

2.3. Personal data that is indirectly provided to us

   Data publicly available on the Internet. Our models are trained
   on data that is publicly available on the Internet, which may
   contain personal data, even if we use good practices to filter
   out such personal data.

   Data provided by third-parties:
     * Hugging Face. If you download our models on Hugging Face,
       we collect your username and email address to enforce our
       license and send you communications about our new models.
     * Third-Party Content. When you use our websearch or news
       tool on Le Chat, we may display content from third parties
       on Le Chat, such as links, thumbnails, or snippets. This
       content is displayed to help you understand the Output
       better. If you include personal data in your Input,
       personal data might also appear in the Third-Party Content.
       We do not use this Third-Party Content to train or improve
       our models or Services.

3. Why do we use your personal data?

   We use your personal data:
     * To provide and improve the Services;
     * For the general administration and security of the
       Services;
     * To manage and enforce our license agreement;
     * To develop and train our general-purpose artificial
       intelligence models;
     * To send you newsletters and marketing communications;
     * To manage your commercial relationship with us;
     * For dispute resolution;
     * To reply to your requests regarding your personal data.

   If you want to know more about why we use your personal data,
   you will find more details below.

3.1. To provide and improve the Services

   For users acting as consumers:
     * Account Management: Create and administer your account.
     * Providing Le Chat to you, including:
          + Generating Outputs and displaying Third-Party Content
            based on your Input.
          + We  use part of your IP address to make your
            experience better, such as, for instance, to provide
            you with more accurate Outputs depending on the
            country associated with your IP address. You can
            opt-out of this processing at any time through your
            user preferences.
          + Displaying your conversation history (Input, Output
            and Third-Party Content).
     * Providing La Plateforme:
          + Generating Outputs based on your Input.
          + Allowing you to fine-tune our models using Our
            Fine-Tuning API.
          + Allowing you to create agents through the Agent
            Builder.
     * Customer Support: Answer and manage your support requests,
       including fixing errors or bugs related to your use of our
       Services.

   Lawful basis for the processing: The performance of the
   agreement between you and Mistral AI.

   For all users:
     * Service Improvement: Generate aggregated and anonymized
       statistics about the use of the Services to enhance their
       functionality and performance.

   Lawful basis for the processing: Our legitimate interest to
   continuously improve the Services.

3.2. General administration of our Services

   We use your personal data for the following administrative
   purposes:
     * Security management. Manage the security of Our Services;
     * Non-marketing communications. Communicate with you for
       purposes other than marketing, such as:
          + Notifying you of temporary unavailability or
            disruptions to our Services.
          + Sending you important updates or information related
            to your account or the Services.
     * Cookie Management. Use cookies and similar technologies to
       enhance your user experience.

   Lawful basis: Our legitimate interests to manage the security
   and administration of the Services and for cookies that are
   technically required. Your consent for cookies that are not
   technically required.

3.3. To manage and enforce our license agreement

     * Abuse monitoring. Automatically monitor breaches of our
       Terms of Service or Usage Policy;
     * License management. Manage requests for downloading our
       artificial intelligence models and enforce our open source
       and commercial licenses.

   Lawful basis: The performance of the contract between you and
   Mistral AI.

3.4. Develop and train our Models

   We use personal data to develop and train our general-purpose
   artificial intelligence models, which help us provide
   state-of-the-art services to our customers.

   Here’s how we handle personal data in different scenarios:

3.4.1. Data publicly available on the Internet

   If your personal data is publicly available on the Internet, we
   may use it to train our general-purpose artificial intelligence
   models, even though we apply good practices to filter out
   personal data. Our models (large language models) are trained
   to answer questions, generate text according to context/Inputs
   (e-mails, letters, reports, computer code, etc.), translating,
   summarizing and correcting text, classifying text, analyzing
   feelings, etc.

   Lawful basis: Our legitimate interests in providing advanced
   artificial intelligence models to our customers.

3.4.2. Input and Output provided on La Plateforme

     * If you use our paid Services: We do not use your Input and
       Output to train or improve our models.
     * If you use our free Services: We use your Input and Output
       to train our general-purpose artificial intelligence
       models. We use commercially reasonable efforts to
       de-identify such data before using it to train or improve
       our models. For clarity and as set out in Section 8 (Your
       rights), you have the right to object to this processing
       (opt-out) by using the contact form available [43]here, via
       the "Data and privacy" section, or using any other method
       provided in Section 8 (Your rights).

   Lawful basis: Our legitimate interests in providing advanced
   artificial intelligence models to our customers.

3.4.3. Le Chat

     * If You use Le Chat Free, Le Chat Pro or Le Chat Student: We
       use your Input, Output and Feedback to train our
       general-purpose artificial intelligence models. We use
       commercially reasonable efforts to de-identify such data
       before using it to train or improve our models. You can
       opt-out of training at any time by using the feature
       available on your account. In this case, we do not use your
       Input and Output to train our artificial intelligence
       models, unless you expressly authorize us to do so.
     * If you use Le Chat Team : We do not use your Input, Output
       and Feedback to train our artificial intelligence models.
       If you wish to allow us to use such data to train our
       artificial intelligence models, you can opt-in of training
       at any time by using the feature available on your account.
     * Feedback: If you click on "Thumbs Up" or "Thumbs Down" to
       rate an Output, we use your Feedback to train our
       artificial intelligence models. If you do not want us to
       use your Feedback to improve our artificial intelligence
       models, please do not click on  "Thumbs Up" or "Thumbs
       Down".

   Lawful basis: Our legitimate interests in providing advanced
   artificial intelligence models to our customers.

   3.4.4. Third-party services

   If you connect a third-party service to our Services, we do not
   use this third-party service to train or improve our artificial
   intelligence models.

3.5. Marketing operations

   We use your personal data for the following marketing
   activities:
     * Newsletters. Sending you our newsletters with updates and
       information about our Services.
     * Lead Development. Identifying and nurturing potential
       business opportunities.
     * Event Invitations. Inviting you to our events and webinars.

   Lawful Basis: Your consent, for sending you our newsletters.
   You can withdraw your consent at any time by unsubscribing .
   Our legitimate interest, for lead development and event
   invitations, which helps us promote our Services and grow our
   business.

3.6. Commercial Management

   We use your personal data for the following commercial
   management purposes:
     * Contract Management. Administering and managing our
       contractual relationship with you.
     * Invoicing. Generating and sending invoices for the fees
       applicable to our Services.
     * Payment Processing. Processing your payments to ensure
       timely and accurate billing.

   Lawful Basis: The performance of the agreement between you and
   Mistral AI. To comply with our legal requirements to invoice
   for our Services.

3.7. Dispute Resolution

   We use your personal data for the following purposes:
     * Dispute Resolution: To investigate and resolve any disputes
       that may arise out of your use of the Services.
     * Contract Enforcement: To enforce our contract, including
       actions such as suspending your account.

   Lawful Basis: Our legitimate interest to protect and exercise
   our legal rights. The performance of the Agreement between you
   and Mistral AI.

3.8. Data Subject Requests

   We use your personal data to reply to Your requests to exercise
   Your rights on Your Personal Data.

   Lawful basis: Our legal obligation to reply to your requests.

4. Cookies

   When you visit our website, we use cookies (small text files
   stored on your device) to enhance your experience on our
   Services. For more information about the way we use cookies,
   please see our [44]Cookie Policy.

5. How long do we keep your personal data?

   We store your personal data only as long as needed for the
   purposes described in Section 3 of this Privacy Policy.
   Sometimes, we may keep it longer if required by law or for
   legal proceedings.

   For illustrative purposes, here are the applicable data
   retention periods:

   Data we use to provide and improve the Services:
     * Account data: for as long as you're registered and 1 year
       after you terminate your account in accordance with our
       legal obligations.
     * On La Plateforme:
          + We keep your Input and Output for the period necessary
            to generate the Output and then for thirty (30)
            rolling days to monitor abuse, unless zero data
            retention is activated.
          + We keep your fine-tuning data until you delete it from
            La Plateforme or until you delete your account.
     * On Le Chat:
          + If you use Le Chat without an account, we keep your
            Input, Output and Feedback in an identifying form for
            the duration of your conversation on Le Chat.
          + If you use Le Chat with an account, we keep your
            Input, Output and Feedback in an identifying form
            until you delete your account.
     * Technical support data: We keep your data until your
       request is processed and for 5 years for record-keeping.

   Data we use to administer and manage the security of the
   Services:
     * Security Data: Security logs are kept for 1 rolling year.
     * Cookies: As long as you consent to their use.

   Data we use to manage our license agreement:
     * On La Plateforme: we keep your Input and Output for thirty
       (30) rolling days to monitor abuse.
     * Contracts and contact details for the subscription to a
       commercial license to use our Models: we keep your data for
       the duration of the contract and for five years following
       the contract.

   Data we use to manage your commercial relationship with us:
     * Contracts: term of the contract and 5 years from the
       termination date.
     * Invoices: For 10 years from the year-end date.

   Data we use for marketing operations:
     * Contact data: until you unsubscribe from our newsletter.
     * Leads identity and contact data: for 3 years from
       collection.
     * B2B customer data: for the duration of the contract and for
       three years following the termination of the contract.

   Data we use for dispute resolution: until the appeal period
   ends, provided that we may keep such data longer for archival
   purposes.

   Data we use to reply to your privacy requests: for the duration
   of processing the request and for six (6) years following the
   request.

6. Who do we share your personal data with?

   We may share your personal data on a need-to-know basis with
   the following parties:
     * Our Team Members. Authorized members of our teams who need
       access to perform their jobs.
     * Financial Institutions. Banks and other financial
       organizations.
     * Regulatory Authorities. Such as the French data protection
       authority (CNIL).
     * Legal and Professional Services. When appropriate, we may
       share data with competent courts, mediators, accountants,
       auditors, lawyers, bailiffs, and debt collection agencies.

   Additionally, we may share all or part of your personal data
   with our service providers. Before engaging with any provider,
   we conduct audits to ensure they meet our privacy and security
   standards, and we sign a dedicated data protection agreement
   with them.

   Our main providers are:
     * Azure:
          + Purpose: Cloud Infrastructure
          + Data location: Sweden
     * Black Forest Labs:
          + Purpose: Image generation based on Your Input. Black
            Forest Labs accesses Your Input and Output. Your Input
            is stored for 15 days and then permanently deleted
            from Black Forest Labs’ systems. Your Outputs are
            permanently destroyed within 1 day from Black Forest
            Labs’ systems. Black Forest Labs does not use Your
            User Data to train their models.
          + Data location: United States
     * Brave, Inc.:
          + Purpose: Search engine providing content to generate
            Outputs. Brave accesses Your Input and the content
            sent to Mistral AI to generate the Output. Brave Inc.
            does not access the Output. Brave, Inc. does not use
            Your User Data to train any artificial intelligence
            models or for any other purposes than to provide
            content to generate an Output.
          + Data location: United States
     * Cerebras:
          + Purpose: Cloud Infrastructure
          + Data location: United States
          + Opt-out: You can opt-out of Cerebras any time by using
            the feature available on your account.
     * : Cloudflare
          + Purpose: Security of the Services.
          + Data location: United States
     * E2B:
          + Purpose: Providing our code interpreter feature on Le
            Chat.
          + Data location: United States
     * Google Cloud Platform:
          + Purpose: Cloud Infrastructure
          + Data location: Ireland
     * Google Cloud Platform:
          + Purpose: Cloud Infrastructure for Le Chat and the US
            version of Our APIs
          + Data location: United States
     * Intercom:
          + Purpose: Support
          + Data location: United States
     * Kong:
          + Purpose: API security
          + Data location: United States
     * Lago:
          + Purpose: Billing
          + Data location: EEA
     * Mailjet:
          + Purpose: Mailing
          + Data location: United States
     * Ory:
          + Purpose: Authentication on the Services
          + Data location: EEA
     * Stripe:
          + Purpose: Payment management
          + Data location: United States

7. Do we transfer Your Personal Data Outside of the European Union?

   We prioritize selecting providers within the European Union
   that strictly adhere to the GDPR. However, in exceptional
   cases, we may opt for non-EU providers that meet our high
   standards of data security and Personal Data protection.

   We take the necessary steps to ensure that all contracts with
   service providers who process personal data outside the
   European Union have adequate safeguards in compliance with
   Article 46 of the GDPR. Additionally, we attach the most recent
   version of the European Commission’s Standard Contractual
   Clauses to all such contracts.

8. Your rights

   You can exercise:
     * Access. You have the right to know if we process your
       personal data. You also have the right to request a copy of
       such personal data and to obtain further information about
       the way we process your personal data.
     * Rectification. You have the right to update or correct your
       personal data.
     * Deletion. You have the right to delete and/or ask us to
       delete your personal data.
     * Objection. You have the right to object to the processing
       of your personal data. This right does not apply when we
       have a legal obligation to process your personal data.
     * Consent withdrawal. You have the right to withdraw your
       consent to the processing of your personal data at any
       time.
     * Limitation. You have the right to ask us to freeze the
       processing of your personal data.
     * Automated decision. You have the right to not be subject to
       an automated decision (including profiling) and to appeal
       such a decision. Mistral AI does not engage in profiling or
       automated decision-making in the processing of personal
       data.
     * Portability. You have the right to obtain and transfer your
       personal data to another entity.
     * Post mortem. You have the right to tell us how you would
       like us to process your personal data after your death.
     * Lodge a complaint. You have the right to lodge a complaint
       before the competent data protection authority, including
       the French data protection authority (the CNIL).

   We will take every step to make sure we reply to your requests.
   However, when your request concerns the training of our models,
   it’s important to note that your rights have technical
   limitations and fulfilling your requests might involve a
   complex technical process.

   You can exercise these rights:
     * By using the contact form available [45]here in the section
       “Data and privacy”
     * By making a request using our Help Center available on your
       account
     * By sending us a letter at Mistral AI, Attn: Privacy Team,
       Mistral AI, 15 rue des Halles, 75001 Paris, France.

9. Changes to this Privacy Policy

   We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time as our
   Services continuously evolve. Make sure to check this Privacy
   Policy frequently.

   Usage Policy

   Effective 6 February 2025

Scope

   Our usage policy (the “Usage Policy”) applies to:
     * All the Services accessible on our platform, including Le
       Chat and La Plateforme,
     * All users of our services, including individuals,
       organizations, and businesses,
     * All content generated, shared, or accessed through our
       services, and
     * All interactions and activities conducted on or through our
       services.

Our principles

   Our goal is to make technology more accessible and showcase how
   generative AI enables greater access to knowledge. To further
   responsible artificial intelligence development and deployment,
   the following principles guide how we build and offer our
   services:
     * Be neutral: we believe technology should be as neutral as
       possible.
     * Empower people: we believe in minimizing the risk of abuse
       while trusting that you should be empowered to define and
       use available and robust controls adapted to you and your
       priorities.
     * Build trust through transparency: we believe in building
       services that provide everyone the right to access
       generative AI and in being transparent about our artificial
       intelligence models, policies, and enforcement.

Prohibited content and activities

   Illegal activities. When using our services, you must comply
   with applicable laws. As such, you must not use our services to
   engage in, encourage, promote, offer, or solicit illegal
   activity, and any such use may be reported to law enforcement.
   For instance, you must not use our services to generate:
     * Content that promotes, facilitates, or provides
       instructions for drug trafficking or distribution, or
       information on obtaining or using illegal substances,
     * Content related to activities with high-risk of physical
       harm, such as weapons development, military and warfare,
       management, or operation of critical infrastructure in
       energy, transportation, and water, or
     * Content that enables or exploits individuals, including
       through human trafficking or sexual services.

   Child Sexual Abuse Material (“CSAM”) Mistral AI has a zero
   tolerance policy regarding CSAM. Any generation or attempt to
   generate CSAM on our services is strictly prohibited. We will
   report all actual or suspected CSAM to the relevant law
   enforcement authorities and will terminate your account.

   Non-consensual intimate imagery. You shall not use our services
   to generate intimate images of any person without the explicit
   consent of all individuals involved.

   Hate and discrimination. You shall not use our services to
   promote hate, discrimination, or harassment, including
   generating any content that promotes, incites, glorifies, or
   celebrates:
     * Hate or discrimination based on an individual’s race,
       gender, ethnicity, religion, nationality, sexual
       orientation, disability status, or caste,
     * Engaging in revisionism or denialism, particularly
       regarding historically documented events such as the
       Holocaust or other genocides,
     * Harassing language towards any target, or
     * The suffering or humiliation of others.

   Violence and threats. Use of our services to conduct or
   generate any activity or content that promotes, incites,
   threatens, or glorifies violence is not permitted. This
   includes, for instance, threats of physical harm or
   glorification of violent acts or terrorism.

   Self-harm. You shall not use our services to generate content
   that promotes, encourages, or provides instructions for
   self-harm or suicide. This includes, for instance:
     * Graphic depictions of self-harm,
     * Detailed descriptions of self-harm methods, or
     * Encouragement of others to engage in self-harm or suicidal
       behavior.

   Fraud and scams. Using our services to engage in any form of
   fraudulent activity or scams is prohibited. This includes, for
   instance:
     * Phishing attempts,
     * Financial scams,
     * Impersonation, or
     * Misrepresentation of facts and data.

   Misinformation. You shall not use our services to generate
   content that is deliberately misleading, false, or intended to
   deceive others. This includes, for instance:
     * Spreading false information about current events, health,
       science, or that undermines the integrity of a civic or
       political process,
     * Promoting conspiracy theories that can cause harm,
     * Misinformation that targets protected groups.

   Privacy. Generating content that invades or violates the
   privacy of others is prohibited.

   Professional advice. You shall not use our services to provide
   professional advice without proper qualification. This
   includes, for instance:
     * Offering investment advice, financial planning, or any form
       of financial guidance;
     * Providing legal counsel, interpretations of the law, or
       recommendations on legal actions;
     * Offering medical diagnoses, treatment suggestions, or any
       form of health-related guidance.

Our enforcement

   Violations of this Usage Policy may result in temporary
   suspension or permanent termination of your account in
   accordance with our Terms of Service, and, where appropriate,
   reporting to relevant authorities.

Report violations

   If you encounter any content or activity that violates this
   Usage Policy, please report it immediately through our Help
   Center or at [46]legal@mistral.ai. We take all reports
   seriously and will investigate promptly.

Updates

   We reserve the right to update this Usage Policy from time to
   time on our website.We reserve the right to update the Terms of
   Use at any time. We therefore invite you to consult our Usage
   Policy frequently to stay informed of any changes.

   Partner Served - Deployment Terms

   Effective 6 February 2025

Preamble

   These deployment terms (these “Terms”) govern your use of the
   products and/or services, including artificial intelligence
   models (the "Models"), provided by Mistral AI (the "Mistral AI
   Products") through:
     * Our cloud provider partners (the "Cloud Providers"), on the
       Cloud Provider's infrastructure (the "Partner
       Infrastructure"), or your infrastructure ("Your
       Infrastructure"), or
     * Our resellers (the "Resellers") on Your Infrastructure.

   In these Terms, we refer to the Cloud Provider Infrastructure
   and Your Infrastructure as the "Infrastructure". We refer to
   Cloud Providers and Resellers as "Partners".  The Mistral AI
   Products are provided by Mistral AI, a French limited
   corporation, having its registered offices at 15 rue des
   Halles, 75001 Paris, France.

   We encourage you to read and understand these Terms because by
   accessing or using any of the Mistral AI Products through a
   Partner, you are agreeing to these Terms which constitute an
   agreement between you and Mistral AI.

   Here are some key points to understand about using the Mistral
   AI Products via a Partner:
     * We do not have access to the Infrastructure or Your Data
       and do not use Your Data to train our Models.
     * You also have a contract with the Partner that governs your
       use of the Partner Infrastructure (if applicable) and any
       services provided by such Partner (the “Partner Terms”).
     * When you use the Mistral AI Products through a Cloud
       Provider on the Infrastructure, the Cloud Provider is your
       sole point of contact, including for support.

1. Responsibilities

1.1 Our responsibilities

   We are responsible for providing the Mistral AI Products to you
   on the Infrastructure in accordance with applicable laws and
   these Terms.

1.2 The Partner’s responsibilities

   The Partner is responsible billing and collecting any fees for
   use of the Mistral AI Products on the Infrastructure.

   When you use the Mistral AI Products through a Cloud Provider,
   the Cloud Provider is responsible for (a) making the Mistral AI
   Products available to you on the Infrastructure, (b) providing
   you with the Partner Infrastructure (if applicable) and
   complementary services, and (c) being your sole point of
   contact for any requests related to the Mistral AI Products on
   the Infrastructure.

1.3 Your responsibilities

   You are responsible for using the Mistral AI Products in
   accordance with applicable laws, these Terms and the Partner
   Terms (if applicable).

2. Using the Mistral AI Products

2.1 License

   We grant you, and any of your authorized users, a non-exclusive
   right to access and use the Mistral AI Products on the
   Infrastructure only in compliance with these Terms, all
   applicable laws and regulations, and any other documentation,
   guidelines, or policies we make available to you, whether
   directly or through our Partner. This right includes the rights
   to (a) integrate our Mistral AI Product into Your Offerings (as
   defined in Section 6) and (b) use the Mistral AI Products for
   your own internal business purposes. For the avoidance of
   doubt, the license granted in this Section also applies to any
   Customized Mistral AI Product (as defined in Section 7.5).

2.2 Restrictions

   For the avoidance of doubt, we remain the sole owner of all
   right, title, and interest in and to the the Mistral AI
   Products (including all Models, documentation, and related
   software developed by Mistral AI and provided to you in
   connection with these Terms), including any modifications or
   enhancements to any of the foregoing, and all intellectual
   property in all of the foregoing, but excluding any Customer
   Owned Developments. “Customer Owned Developments” means any
   developments made by you to customize a Mistral AI Product or
   in furtherance of Customer’s use of a Mistral AI Product, in
   each case only as expressly authorized in these Terms.

   You only receive rights to use the Mistral AI Products as
   explicitly granted in these Terms. You will not, and will not
   permit any other person to:

   (a) use the Mistral AI Products or Your Data in a manner that
   violates any applicable laws (including trade laws, and
   sanctions and export control laws), these Terms, or any of our
   policies;

   (b) use the Mistral AI Products or Your Data in a manner that
   infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates any third
   party’s rights, including intentionally using the Mistral AI
   Products to generate Outputs that infringe third party rights;

   (c) send any personal information of children under 13 or the
   applicable age of digital consent or allow minors to use the
   Mistral AI Products without consent from their parent or
   guardian;

   (d) reverse assemble, reverse compile, decompile, translate,
   engage in model extraction or stealing attacks, or otherwise
   attempt to discover the source code or underlying components of
   the Mistral AI Products, algorithms, and systems of the Mistral
   AI Products (except to the extent these restrictions are
   contrary to applicable law);

   (e) compromise the security or proper functionality of the
   Mistral AI Products, including interfering with, circumventing,
   or bypassing security or moderation mechanisms in the Mistral
   AI Products or performing any vulnerability, penetration, or
   similar testing of the Mistral AI Products;

   (f) use any method to extract any content from the Mistral AI
   Products other than Outputs; or

   (g) distribute or market the Mistral AI Products as a
   standalone product or service and/or act as a distributor of
   the Mistral AI Products without our prior written consent.

2.3 Support

   When the Mistral AI Products are provided on the Partner
   Infrastructure, any support requests must be made to the
   Partner, in accordance with the Partner Terms.

2.4 Mistral AI Product discontinuation

   We reserve the right to discontinue the availability of the
   Mistral AI Products. We will provide a minimum notice period of
   six (6) months prior to the discontinuation of any Mistral AI
   Product. During such notice period, the Mistral AI Product will
   not be available to any new customers. You are responsible for
   ensuring that your contact information is up-to-date to receive
   such notifications.

2.5 Specific Access

   “Specific Access” refers to any Mistral AI Product where you
   have access to the weights of our Models. If your subscription
   includes Specific Access, the following terms apply to your use
   of the Mistral AI Products:
     * (a) Our Models and their weights are highly confidential
       and you must ensure their confidentiality by implementing
       confidentiality and security measures at least as stringent
       as those you use to protect your own Confidential
       Information (as defined in Section 9) of similar
       sensitivity;
     * (b) In the event of any unauthorized disclosure or access
       to our Models or their weights (each, a “Security
       Incident”), you must immediately notify us at
       [47]legal@mistral.ai. Such notification must include at
       least the following details: (a) the time the Security
       Incident occurred, (b) the Model affected by the Security
       Incident, (c) the nature and impact of the Security
       Incident, and (d) the measures which have been taken or
       which are proposed to be taken to address the Security
       Incident and to mitigate its possible adverse effects.
     * (c) You acknowledge that we implement security measures,
       such as watermarking, for each Model provided to users
       whose subscriptions include Specific Access to ensure the
       Model’s traceability. While these measures allow us to
       trace our Models, they do not allow us to access or use
       that specific copy of the Model or Your Data.

3. Your User Data

3.1 Your Data

   You and your authorized users may provide input to the Mistral
   AI Products (“Input”), and receive output from the Mistral AI
   Products based on the Input (“Output”). For clarity, (i) Input
   also includes any training or fine-tuning data provided by you
   and (ii) Output excludes any Model weights. We refer to Input
   and Output collectively as “Your Data”. To the extent permitted
   by applicable law, you (i) retain all ownership rights in Input
   and (ii) own all Output. We assign to you all right, title, and
   interest, if any, in and to Output that we may have.

3.2 Responsibility for Your Data

   You are responsible for all Input and represent and warrant
   that you have all rights, licenses, and permissions required to
   provide Input to the Mistral AI Products. You are solely
   responsible for all use of the Outputs and evaluating the
   Output for accuracy and appropriateness for your use case. You
   must also not represent that the Output was generated by a
   human when it was generated by the Mistral AI Products. We may
   also provide Output filters for certain Mistral AI Products. If
   you deactivate these filters, you are solely responsible for
   the Output that is generated.

3.3 Similarity of Output

   Due to the nature of the Mistral AI Products, your Output may
   be similar or identical to the response generated for another
   user of the Mistral AI Products. We provide no guarantees that
   your Output will be unique. Any responses generated for other
   users by the Mistral AI Products are not considered your Output
   even if similar or identical to your Output.

3.4 How we use Your Data

   We do not access or use Your Data, unless you include Your Data
   in your technical support request and such request is shared
   with us by the Partner. In any case, we do not use Your Data to
   train our Models.

4. Warranties; Disclaimer

4.1 Our Warranties

   We warrant that, when used in accordance with these Terms, the
   Mistral AI Products will conform in all material respects with
   the documentation we provide to you or otherwise make publicly
   available.

4.2 Your Warranties

   You warrant that (i) you have the authority to enter into and
   accept these Terms and (ii) you and your end-users (if any)
   will use the Mistral AI Products in accordance with the
   applicable laws and regulations and these Terms.

4.3 Disclaimer

   EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTIES IN THIS SECTION 4 (WARRANTIES;
   DISCLAIMER), THE MISTRAL AI PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND
   WE AND OUR AFFILIATES AND LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES,
   EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
   MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND TITLE,
   NONINFRINGEMENT, OR QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING
   OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR TRADE USAGE. WE MAKE NO
   REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES (I) THAT USE OF THE MISTRAL AI
   PRODUCTS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, SECURE, OR BE
   SUITABLE FOR YOUR SPECIFIC PURPOSES OR USE-CASES, (II) THAT
   DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR (III) THAT YOUR DATA WILL BE
   ACCURATE. MOREOVER, WE MAKE NO WARRANTY AS TO THE SERVICES
   PROVIDED BY THE PARTNER OR ANY THIRD-PARTY, OR THE
   INFRASTRUCTURE.

5. Indemnification

5.1 By you

   You will indemnify, defend, and hold us and our affiliates,
   service providers, and licensors harmless against any
   liabilities, damages, and costs (including reasonable
   attorneys’ fees) payable to a third party arising out of a
   third party claim related to (i) the use of the Mistral AI
   Products in violation of these Terms (including violation of
   our policies), (ii) any of your products or services that you
   make available to users in connection with the Mistral AI
   Products or Outputs (“Your Offerings”) (if any), or (iii) Your
   Data.

5.2 By us

   We will indemnify and defend you for any damages finally
   awarded by a court of competent jurisdiction and any settlement
   amounts payable to a third party arising out of a third party
   claim alleging that the Mistral AI Products infringe any third
   party intellectual property right. This excludes claims to the
   extent arising from: (i) the Partner Infrastructure and/or any
   services provided solely by the Partner, (ii) Your
   Infrastructure, (iii) the combination of any of the Mistral AI
   Products with products, services, or software not provided by
   us or on our behalf (including Your Offerings, Your
   Infrastructure, the Partner Infrastructure or services provided
   by the Partner), (iv) any modification of the Mistral AI
   Products by any party other than us, (v) the Input, (vi) your
   modification of the Output, (vii) your failure to comply with
   these Terms or applicable laws, regulations, or industry
   standards, (viii) your use of the Mistral AI Products or Your
   Data in a manner that you knew, or reasonably should have
   known, was likely to violate third party rights or applicable
   laws or regulations, (ix) Your Offerings (if the claim would
   not have arisen but for Your Offerings), or (x) any Mistral AI
   Products made available to you for beta testing purposes.

5.3 Indemnification Procedure

   The indemnification obligations in this Section 5
   (Indemnification) are subject to the indemnifying party (i)
   receiving a prompt written notice of such claim from the party
   seeking indemnification; (ii) having sole control of defense
   and settlement of the claim (provided that the party seeking
   indemnification may participate in its own defense at its sole
   expense), and (iii) the party seeking indemnification providing
   all reasonable necessary cooperation and assistance, including
   preserving and sharing relevant information. The indemnifying
   party cannot enter into any settlement or compromise of any
   claim without prior written consent of the other party, which
   will not be unreasonably withheld, except that the indemnifying
   party may without consent enter into any settlement of a claim
   that resolves the claim without liability to the other party,
   impairment to any of the other party’s rights, or requiring the
   other party to make any admission of liability.

5.4 Remedies

   The remedies in this Section 5 (Indemnification) are the sole
   and exclusive remedies for any third-party claim that the
   Mistral AI Products or Your Data infringe intellectual property
   rights.

6. Liability

6.1 Limitation of Liability

   NEITHER WE NOR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS,
   LICENSORS, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, OR SERVICE PROVIDERS WILL BE
   LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR
   EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS,
   GOODWILL, USE, OR DATA OR OTHER LOSSES, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN
   ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. OUR AGGREGATE
   LIABILITY UNDER THESE TERMS WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU PAID
   FOR THE MISTRAL AI PRODUCT THAT GAVE RISE TO THE CLAIM DURING
   THE 12 MONTHS BEFORE THE LIABILITY AROSE. THE LIMITATIONS IN
   THIS SECTION 6 (LIABILITY) APPLY ONLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
   PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

6.2 Exclusions

   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
   nothing limits either Party’s liability for: (i) Death or
   personal injury to limb or health caused by its negligence
   (including of its personnel); (ii) fraud or fraudulent
   misrepresentation; (iii) breach of Section 2.1 (License),
   Section 2.2 (Restrictions), or Section 9 (Confidentiality);
   (iv) matters for which liability may not be limited by
   applicable law.

7. Term, suspension and termination

7.1 Term

   These Terms will commence on the earlier of (i) the date you
   first use the Mistral AI Products or (ii) the date you accept
   these Terms, and will continue until terminated.

7.2 Suspension

   We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to all
   or part of the Mistral AI Products if: (i) you breach these
   Terms, (ii) you fail to pay any fees when due, (iii) we need to
   do so in order to comply with applicable law, or (iv) your
   continued use of the Mistral AI Products could cause risk or
   harm to Mistral AI, our users, or anyone else. If you believe
   we have suspended or terminated your account in error, you can
   file an appeal with us by contacting us via the Help Center.

7.3 Termination for breach

   Subject to the Partner Terms, either party may terminate this
   Agreement upon providing written notice to the other party if
   the other party commits a material breach of any term or
   condition of this Agreement and fails to cure such breach
   within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice
   specifying the breach.

7.4 Other causes of termination

   These Terms will automatically terminate upon the termination
   or expiration of (i) our agreement with Partner that enables
   you to access the Mistral AI Products on the Infrastructure or
   (ii) your agreement with Partner that enables you to access the
   Mistral AI Product on the Infrastructure.

7.5 Effects of termination

   Termination or expiration will not affect any rights or
   obligations, including the payment of amounts due, which have
   accrued under these Terms up to the date of termination or
   expiration. Upon termination or expiration of these Terms, the
   provisions that are intended by their nature to survive
   termination will survive and continue in full force and effect
   in accordance with their terms, including confidentiality
   obligations, limitations of liability, and disclaimers.

   Upon any expiration or termination of these Terms, you will (a)
   cease to use the Mistral AI Products (including all Customized
   Mistral AI Products); and (b) destroy and certify the
   destruction within seven (7) days of the effective date of
   termination or expiration of these Terms: (i) all copies of the
   Mistral AI Products (including all Customized Mistral AI
   Products) you may have in your possession on Your
   Infrastructure and (ii) all copies of Mistral AI Confidential
   Information you may have in your possession on Your
   Infrastructure. “Customized Mistral AI Product” means a Mistral
   AI Product that has been customized under these Terms,
   including by means of combining the Mistral AI Product and
   Customer Owned Developments.

8. Personal Data

   We may process your personal data included in your support
   requests. If you use the Mistral AI Products through a Partner,
   we may act as your Processor for the processing of personal
   data included in your support request and such processing shall
   be governed by our [48]Data Processing Agreement, unless
   otherwise stated in the Partner Terms.

9. Confidentiality

   Confidential Information. “Confidential Information” means any
   and all information, in any medium, which is provided by one
   Party (“Discloser”) to the other Party (“Recipient”), that is
   either (a) marked as “confidential”, “proprietary” or similar
   words, or if disclosed orally, confirmed in writing as such by
   the Discloser following the disclosure; or (b) any information
   which Recipient should have reasonably considered to be
   confidential under the circumstances surrounding disclosure.

   Confidentiality obligation. Each Party acknowledges that during
   the course of performing its obligations hereunder it may
   receive or disclose Confidential Information. Each Party
   expressly acknowledges that the Confidential Information of the
   other Party may consist of trade secrets and proprietary
   information having significant commercial value, and that
   knowledge of all or any part of the Confidential Information
   would potentially yield a competitive advantage over others not
   having such knowledge. Accordingly, neither Party will (a) use
   the Confidential Information of the other Party except to
   exercise rights or perform obligations under this Agreement or
   (b) disclose the Confidential Information of the other Party to
   any third party except to Recipient’s directors, employees, or
   consultants to the extent necessary to carry out the purposes
   of this Agreement, provided that all such recipients are
   obligated by a written agreement containing confidentiality
   obligations at least as stringent as described herein. Each
   Party will take such steps as may be reasonable in the
   circumstances, or as may be reasonably requested by the other
   party, to prevent any unauthorized disclosure, copying or use
   of the Confidential Information by such third parties. Each
   Party may also disclose Confidential Information to the extent
   required by judicial or governmental order or as necessary to
   comply with any applicable law or regulation governing
   regulated businesses or the issuance of securities to the
   public, provided that the party making the disclosure gives the
   other party reasonable notice prior to such disclosure and, in
   the case of a judicial or governmental order, complies with any
   applicable protective order or equivalent. Recipient agrees to
   exercise due care in protecting Discloser’s Confidential
   Information from unauthorized use and disclosure, and at a
   minimum will use at least the degree of care a reasonable
   person would use with respect to Confidential Information of
   similar sensitivity. Recipient will promptly notify Discloser
   if Recipient becomes aware of any unauthorized disclosure or
   access to Discloser’s Confidential Information, or any security
   incident that may result in any unauthorized disclosure or
   access to Discloser’s Confidential Information and will
   cooperate with Discloser to remedy any such unauthorized
   disclosure or access and/or secure such Confidential
   Information.

   Exclusions. Confidential Information herein will not include
   information that: (a) Recipient can demonstrate by its written
   records to have had in its possession prior to disclosure by
   Discloser; (b) was part of the public knowledge or literature,
   not as a result of  any action or inaction of Recipient; (c)
   was subsequently disclosed to Recipient from a  source other
   than Discloser who was not bound by an obligation of
   confidentiality to Discloser; or (d) Recipient can demonstrate
   by its written records to have been independently developed by
   Recipient without the use, directly or indirectly, of any
   Confidential  Information.

10. Audit

   This Section 10 (Audit) only applies when you use the Mistral
   AI Products on Your Infrastructure and through a Reseller.

   During the Term and for one (1) year thereafter, Mistral AI
   may, at its own expense and with thirty (30) business days'
   notice, conduct audits (up to one (1) audit per year) to ensure
   your compliance with Sections 2.1 (License) and 7.5 (Effects of
   Termination). You agree to provide all relevant documents and
   grant access to your premises and computer systems to enable
   Mistral AI to assess Customer’s compliance with this Agreement.
   Audits will be conducted by a third-party company selected by
   Mistral AI, free from any competitive interests with you and
   bound by professional confidentiality. You agree to cooperate
   in good faith with the appointed third-party auditor, providing
   necessary information and responding to audit-related
   inquiries. Audits must not unduly disrupt your business
   operations. If the audit reveals unauthorized use of the
   Mistral AI Products or Confidential Information, Mistral AI
   may: (a) instruct Reseller to charge you additional fees that
   you should have paid due to such unauthorized use; or (b)
   mandate the destruction of unauthorized versions or copies of
   the Mistral AI Products and/or Confidential Information. In the
   event of audit findings indicating Customer’s breach of the
   Agreement, the costs of the audit will be borne by Customer
   only.

11.  General Provisions

   Assignment. You may not assign or transfer any rights or
   obligations under these Terms and any attempt to do so will be
   void. We may assign our rights or obligations under these Terms
   to any affiliate, subsidiary, or successor in interest of any
   business associated with our Mistral AI Product.

   Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable to the other for
   any delay or failure to perform any obligation under these
   Terms (except for a failure to pay fees) if such delay or
   failure is due to unforeseen events beyond the reasonable
   control of such party.

   Independent Contractors. There is no relationship of
   partnership, joint venture, employment, franchise or agency
   created between the parties under these Terms. Neither party
   will have the power to bind the other or incur obligations on
   the other party’s behalf without the other party’s prior
   written consent.

   No Third-Party Rights. There are no third-party beneficiaries
   to these Terms.

   Waivers. No waiver of any term of these Terms will be deemed a
   further or continuing waiver of such term or of any other term,
   and our failure to assert any right or provision under these
   Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

   Entire Agreement; severability. Unless otherwise agreed in
   writing between you and Mistral AI, these Terms, constitute the
   entire agreement between you and us concerning the Mistral AI
   Products. Any statements or comments made between you and any
   of our employees or representatives are expressly excluded from
   these Terms and will not apply to you or us, or to your access
   to or use of the Mistral AI products. If any provision of these
   Terms is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction,
   the invalidity of such provision will not affect the validity
   of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which will remain
   in full force and effect.

   Governing law and venue. (a) Unless you are located in the
   United States, the laws of France will govern all disputes
   arising out of or relating to these Terms (including any
   applicable Additional Terms), or related Mistral AI Products,
   regardless of conflict of laws rules. These disputes will be
   resolved exclusively in the courts located in Paris, France,
   and you and Mistral AI consent to personal jurisdiction in
   those courts. (b) If you are located in the United States,
   California law will govern all disputes arising out of or
   relating to these Terms (including any applicable Additional
   Terms), or related Mistral AI Products, regardless of conflict
   of laws rules. These disputes will be resolved exclusively in
   the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California,
   USA, and you and Mistral AI consent to personal jurisdiction in
   those courts.


   Cookie Policy

   Effective as of March 31 2025

1. What is a cookie ?

   A cookie is a small text file that is temporarily stored on
   your device, such as a computer, tablet, smartphone, or other
   device, when you access our website or our services such as Le
   Chat or La Plateforme.

   These cookies enable us to distinguish you from other users,
   remember your preferences, and analyze how you interact with
   our services to improve them. Cookies also allow us to display
   personalized advertisements on our website or on other
   websites. They do not directly identify you, but can offer a
   more personalized web experience.

2. What cookies do we use ?

   Technically required cookies. These cookies are essential for
   the operation of our website and our services and cannot be
   disabled through our cookie banner. They are typically
   activated in response to your actions, such as configuring
   privacy settings, logging in, or completing forms. While you
   can configure your browser to block or notify you about these
   cookies, doing so may impair the functionality of certain parts
   of the site. These cookies do not collect or store any
   personally identifiable information.
     * Cloudflare
          + Cookies: __cf_bm, _cfuvid
          + Purpose: Security and rate limiting rules.
          + Privacy
            Policy: [49]https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/
          + Provider: Cloudflare
          + Domain: mistral.ai

     * Intercom
          + Cookies: intercom-device-id, intercom-id,
            intercom-session
          + Purpose: Support chatbot.
          + Privacy Policy:
            [50]https://www.intercom.com/help/en/articles/2361922-
            intercom-messenger-cookies
          + Provider: Intercom
          + Domain: chat.mistral.ai

     * Mistral AI
          + Cookies: NEXT_LOCALE
          + Purpose: Language preferences.
          + Domain: chat.mistral.ai
     * Ory
          + Cookies: ory_kratos_continuity, ory_session_
          + Purpose: Authentication.
          + Privacy Policy: [51]https://www.ory.sh/legal/privacy
          + Provider: Ory
          + Domain: chat.mistral.ai

   Analytics. We use analytics cookies to count visits and track
   traffic sources. These cookies help us measure and improve our
   website's performance. For instance, they show us which pages
   are popular and how visitors navigate our website or our
   services, through aggregated and anonymous statistics. Without
   these cookies, we are not able to monitor the performance of
   our website or count your visit on our services.
     * Google Analytics
          + Cookies: _ga, _gid, _gat, _gac_<property-id>
          + Purpose: We use these cookies to count the visits and
            measure performance of our website.
          + Privacy Policy:
            [52]https://business.safety.google/adscookies/
          + Provider: Google
          + Domain: mistral.ai
     * Posthog
          + Cookies: ph_, ph_phc, _rdt_uuid
          + Purpose: We use these cookies to analyse the way you
            interact with our website in order to improve it.
          + Privacy Policy: [53]https://posthog.com/privacy
          + Provider: Posthog.
          + Domain: chat.mistral.ai

   Marketing. Marketing cookies, set by our partners, help us
   deliver more effective marketing by showing relevant ads on
   other websites. These cookies do not allow us to directly
   identify you, but use your browser and device's unique ID to
   display those ads, to provide aggregated reporting, and track
   when marketing content has been shown to you. Without these
   cookies, you will see less targeted ads, but our services will
   still function.
     * X
          + Cookies: personalization_id, guest_id, twid
          + Purpose: Track your interactions with the posts or ads
            we display on X to measure the performance of our
            marketing campaigns.
          + Privacy
            Policy: [54]https://help.x.com/en/rules-and-policies/x
            -cookies
          + Provider: X
          + Domain: mistral.ai


     * Meta
          + Cookies: _fbp, fr, datr
          + Purpose: Track your interactions with the posts or ads
            we display on Meta to measure the performance of our
            marketing campaigns
          + Privacy
            Policy: [55]https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policies/
            cookies?subpage=subpage-1.7
          + Provider: Meta
          + Domain: mistral.ai

3. Cookie management

   Upon your initial visit on our website or our services, a
   banner will prompt you to accept or disallow cookies that are
   not strictly necessary for the website's operation, categorized
   by type of cookie.

   Within this banner, you will find a list of cookies that may be
   placed on your device. You have several options to control and
   manage cookies through this banner. Blocking cookies may affect
   your experience and limit access to certain parts of our
   website or services.

   You can change your cookie settings at any time by clicking on
   “Privacy Choices” in the footer of our website.

   You can also change your cookies preferences directly on your
   browser. The configuration for each browser is different. For
   guidance, here are some examples of configuration pages for
   different browsers:
     * For Chrome:
       [56]https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en&hl
       rm=en
     * For Internet Explorer:
       [57]https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-
       internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
     * For Safari:
       [58]https://support.apple.com/en-ph/guide/safari/sfri11471/
       mac
     * For Mozilla Firefox:
       [59]https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable
       -cookies-website-preferences
     * For Opera:
       [60]https://blogs.opera.com/news/2015/08/how-to-manage-cook
       ies-in-opera/

   In any case, you will find more information on behavioural
   advertising and privacy protection on the Internet on this
   website: [61]http://www.youronlinechoices.com/fr/.
